www.freebase.com/m/01jp8ww	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qzt1	Which genre of album is harder.....faster?
www.freebase.com/m/0np6z99	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format is fearless
www.freebase.com/m/0wzc58l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0n2z	what city was alex golfis born in
www.freebase.com/m/0jtw9c	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05szq8z	what film is by the writer phil hay?
www.freebase.com/m/0gys2sn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0tzls	Where did roger marquis die
www.freebase.com/m/01fwty	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was the cause of death of yves klein
www.freebase.com/m/02cft	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0k8n4c1	Which equestrian was born in dublin?
www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04g1jv6	What is a tv action show?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd9xc2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/02qq534	was song is las vegas (extended club mix) a remix of 
www.freebase.com/m/086fj5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/04tm_l	what's akbar tandjung's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/05x57b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dwtrwk	What's a song by jean grae
www.freebase.com/m/02pj2v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sg4b	What position does carlos gomez play?
www.freebase.com/m/03h0q74	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	how does engelbert zaschka identify 
www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomer/astronomical_objects_discovered	www.freebase.com/m/03ykvkt	what did carolyn s. shoemaker discover
www.freebase.com/m/012_0k9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/034vg5v	What's a release on pretty in pink
www.freebase.com/m/03cz5_p	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h5t1m8	who produced the film woodstock villa
www.freebase.com/m/05swzs_	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/045j3w	what film was shawn holly cookson the costume designer of
www.freebase.com/m/03yctn	www.freebase.com/base/typefaces/typeface/typeface_creator	www.freebase.com/m/02f2m7	Who created the typeface chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/01bg1k	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/017drs	what position does pee wee reese play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/01bhr_v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012gl8	which artist recorded one life to live 
www.freebase.com/m/0vn1k1f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is stephen mao from 
www.freebase.com/m/0l2wjj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kmr1b4	what is a track on carpenter
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03nvkgr	Which Swiss conductor's cause of death is myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/04qh81	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music does david ruffin play
www.freebase.com/m/0347psh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l4nm7r	what tracks are listed in the release equator?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxr3qc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0msnqlm	What is the track los angeles is a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crygf7	Name a history film
www.freebase.com/m/0268dgg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	where was padraic mcguinness's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/07gr50	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is viper in
www.freebase.com/m/02r0sq	www.freebase.com/event/disaster_type/disasters_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/012bjr	what's the name of an environmental disaster in italy
www.freebase.com/m/0f2053z	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j71	Where was magical mystery tour released?
www.freebase.com/m/0b0r3g	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03j0d	Who influenced michael mcdowell?
www.freebase.com/m/03x_l9q	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what formatting does the complete on the corner sessions have
www.freebase.com/m/0t_86ml	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mzy7	where was michael dotson born
www.freebase.com/m/042gjt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ck6r	what is the place of birth of sam edwards?
www.freebase.com/m/011j1n	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02fp48	which military was involved in the second battle of fort fisher
www.freebase.com/m/02kh2h	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kxc5b	What kind of temperament is the pembroke welsh corgi known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0ftc6xl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is music for cello & orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/01hmylb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the content type of voodoo lounge?
www.freebase.com/m/01pm4nb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01rww3	Which label is somevelvetsidewalk signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0yskzh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016vp8	which group recorded tokyo
www.freebase.com/m/059cb1	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/02w2wm8	Which home is an example of italianate architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jngqc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01s1r9d	who is the creator of loud
www.freebase.com/m/08p26h	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	who published neo contra
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crsq8c	What is the name of a western (genre) film?
www.freebase.com/m/03k50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0g4p4nv	Name a netflix film that uses hindi language?
www.freebase.com/m/0257lx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/043xgq	Who was born in aguascalientes?
www.freebase.com/m/028qyn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01pg8tl	What is an album by herb alpert?
www.freebase.com/m/0by09cx	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05z96	what is angie estes's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/0dty946	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_6n469	what song was on the recording indiana
www.freebase.com/m/02vtbf7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	What is jeff hall known for?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6lsp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does jos√© francisco torres play?
www.freebase.com/m/0567ml	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05ddc1j	What's an episode directed by philip leacock
www.freebase.com/m/03k3lv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02m77	where did chic murray pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/01pgnmx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album the soul sessions
www.freebase.com/m/05d_m_	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/06lf91	whats the name of the organization that was founded by  frei otto
www.freebase.com/m/09ys_g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what is the genre for the film cow belles?
www.freebase.com/m/01hk57t	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What is the album content type of around the world (disc 1)?
www.freebase.com/m/04t11y8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/055t93	who is the author of a knot in the grain and other stories
www.freebase.com/m/05bnsp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/060pl5	who directed the show dancin' homer
www.freebase.com/m/015jr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0719fm	where was held for british columbia
www.freebase.com/m/03zcnp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	in what country is primero river located
www.freebase.com/m/0803y5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02p3h4s	where was johannes messenius born 
www.freebase.com/m/0_k5l8_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/034p5f	Who wrote the lyrics for the house that never was
www.freebase.com/m/062s9s	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/08w4qg	which event took place in italia (roman empire)
www.freebase.com/m/026x6wh	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0150t6	Who did the music for the film taffin
www.freebase.com/m/081m_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0kf1lv_	what male actor was born in  warsaw
www.freebase.com/m/01540h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l5s5p	What's an album that the philharmonia orchestra has released
www.freebase.com/m/02rzq_6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02gq9y	what kind of school is holy cross high school?
www.freebase.com/m/03nvr42	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06dscc	where is mvm arts and science college at?
www.freebase.com/m/01hy7y6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was collection
www.freebase.com/m/0w2gn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which timezone is greenway township located in?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04m_nz1	What would be a indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/05rdby	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_league/teams	www.freebase.com/m/05_67x	which baseball team belongs to intercounty baseball league
www.freebase.com/m/01h_lm9	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	How was phrenology released?
www.freebase.com/m/01g81dw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of album is collection, part 1: all mixed up (disc 2)
www.freebase.com/m/044rv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0vwwvbv	who was also born in jakarta
www.freebase.com/m/0198g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where is buckingham palace located
www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/064qvp4	Who was born in prague
www.freebase.com/m/0h1hyn7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx6f	What style of jazz did zachary lipton perform? 
www.freebase.com/m/038j7_7	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country released  she gets out the scrapbook
www.freebase.com/m/0x4j3w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fmtzy0	What is a recording off the release to the sea?
www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/04zwj1p	what is a building in maryland that features greek revival architecture
www.freebase.com/m/04cqtcq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07qzv	where was guy pnini born
www.freebase.com/m/0gd88yc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is  cherry 2000
www.freebase.com/m/04mwm68	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	which city did linn phillips die
www.freebase.com/m/026vrmq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country is archibald campbell from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f038h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0byv987	who is a fictional character that is a gambler
www.freebase.com/m/01h2j_	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/068r73	which writing system is of moldovan language
www.freebase.com/m/01mn38h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What kind of music is brutal juice
www.freebase.com/m/02l3h	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wc5lt	What is a book written about election?
www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/0bpmj5	what character is of the vampire species?
www.freebase.com/m/034dj	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0hqzs51	What is the name of a game in the gambling industry
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kyss7	Name a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/0166br	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/0zbwrpx	what cyclone affected hainan
www.freebase.com/m/0h8p_3g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What genre is the movie half empty?
www.freebase.com/m/0y2m7g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qsv9r	Who recorded the song baby
www.freebase.com/m/026n0	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05_kl1	what's the name of a popular japanese to portuguese dictionary
www.freebase.com/m/03nqpgz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is casiopea perfect live ii
www.freebase.com/m/02k4t4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01sh7m3	what is an album recorded by scott grimes
www.freebase.com/m/0wk_6cc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What genre of album is magico: carta de amor?
www.freebase.com/m/0hh2s8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	What is christina gabrielle's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0ccdyt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what was the country of origin of the tv show sidewalks entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/034p8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0klcf	Who is a greek mythology character?
www.freebase.com/m/03nrk7f	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	what types of music is love and happiness
www.freebase.com/m/04j2dsh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	in which language is the wonderman of the shaolin film spoken
www.freebase.com/m/05_xgn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ydpd	which city is mccormick field in
www.freebase.com/m/0kmyjpl	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/0208_9	who was the architect of the structure tour perret
www.freebase.com/m/0zfgt7k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of film is d√≠as de combate?
www.freebase.com/m/01k9mq3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k9m9g	What is an album by guy clark?
www.freebase.com/m/04mkcqz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what nationality is kata gellen
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01q0fvb	what's the name of an Australian rock and roll
www.freebase.com/m/02822	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w3g24	Name a book of the drama genre. 
www.freebase.com/m/0ddcdx0	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0bm45	where is mineral hot springs, colorado
www.freebase.com/m/03y1h_w	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is the category of the celestial object 1241 dysona
www.freebase.com/m/03g7rsz	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/03fqskt	what is the name of a taylor swift album
www.freebase.com/m/01lwg3	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/02l3gv	which stadium do the wests tigers play in
www.freebase.com/m/026n4h6	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bnnn62	who was the film production designer for the film i know who killed me
www.freebase.com/m/0lwz8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0t9n_	Where was walter chrysler born
www.freebase.com/m/0fzcrm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a type of gameplay available to gamers playing custom robo v2
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q2lq02	What's an example of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/07sk_z	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/060_7	What artist influenced ellsworth kelly
www.freebase.com/m/0279cbg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018sss	where was shigeyasu suzuki's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/09jg6y	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/02gqd5	What area does petawawa airport serve
www.freebase.com/m/0dtr0kg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dtr0ld	which track is in the release play: the guitar album
www.freebase.com/m/0gj3l9q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	which nationality is yonatan rozen
www.freebase.com/m/0spftwj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is the release timeless in
www.freebase.com/m/0zh0db	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is black sheep a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/02hmg8r	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0d76r	what platform is q*bert on
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/020xyh6	which city is in the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/02r4x55	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0399p	Who was an influential figure for mi≈°ko ≈†uvakoviƒá
www.freebase.com/m/03c9_nm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/03wg9k1	who is the program creator of the show la vendetta?
www.freebase.com/m/0cb5vm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0b09qy	which indian city was fazil born in
www.freebase.com/m/03c9m0d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	which CVG genre is spooks
www.freebase.com/m/04swx	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/islands	www.freebase.com/m/018yxg	What is an island located in the mediterranean sea?
www.freebase.com/m/0vc52g8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0pth	Which artist composed the masterpiece collection, volume 10: vivaldi
www.freebase.com/m/02w3m80	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lpfh	where was paolo de la haza born?
www.freebase.com/m/0fgjd7j	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was theory of a deadman released in
www.freebase.com/m/0y7_fwc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is daniela cristofori 
www.freebase.com/m/0drj9_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	what kind of film is the rosary murders
www.freebase.com/m/07_1w_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was overnight delivery filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04j25xy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	what is passover fever movie about
www.freebase.com/m/027vml3	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what is the second level division of the division crix√°s do tocantins
www.freebase.com/m/0gl8z7	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is venarotta in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrhvc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02015n	what is the main ingredient in diamox sequels
www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02pnm9v	what is a short-lived British sitcom series
www.freebase.com/m/027dw_x	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dswwj	Which film was directed by ian iqbal rashid
www.freebase.com/m/032nq_n	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0157l56	what is a song listed in the biggest rhythms
www.freebase.com/m/0fbl1ys	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is planet of the apes considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/0ynt3	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0n3d4	in what county is monango found
www.freebase.com/m/04wc376	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/050yl	What is the subject of vipers in the storm?
www.freebase.com/m/06_p5_w	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/0kh8w	what type of geographical feature is last chance canyon
www.freebase.com/m/0306l_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	is jane child pop music or j-pop
www.freebase.com/m/07k8zqm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	Which genre of music is najbolje pesme 1980‚Äì1988?
www.freebase.com/m/01k6y1	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/08f27g	What's a battle that took place in the kingdom of prussia
www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hzqc2	who recorded rca records
www.freebase.com/m/07l523b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what types of movie is window
www.freebase.com/m/02pjf6l	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what kind of educational institution is valley high school?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01p0jh	Who is a pop music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0bgzq4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	which characters appear in preview?
www.freebase.com/m/0np6q7y	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f6hpq	who is the artist of breathing your love?
www.freebase.com/m/02ck3h	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a gampelay mode found in the game allegiance
www.freebase.com/m/0qg9698	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fvs6bh	what album was chicago released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0k0qj9k	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is rework it?
www.freebase.com/m/02qxmyd	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0cgtpsj	What did fred schwarz write?
www.freebase.com/m/0b66t85	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	whose music is in tuesday?
www.freebase.com/m/0gff3r0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of film is raghuvinte swantham raziya
www.freebase.com/m/0g2g2g_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mxzgxq	what track is found on the recording new york
www.freebase.com/m/0dy2fy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of school is blessed cardinal newman catholic high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_9hrm	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/014lc8	what airport is aruba marriott resort & stellaris casino next to
www.freebase.com/m/09k1l5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what book genre is lazarus rising
www.freebase.com/m/08p4nl	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/08nxwx	Which films has leonid gaidai written
www.freebase.com/m/02x20zx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01nqh_	in what rumanian county is runcu river located
www.freebase.com/m/02rvl94	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is spoken in kirikou and the wild beasts
www.freebase.com/m/02bj7r	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_designer/games_designed	www.freebase.com/m/027s_5g	Name some games designed by dave grossman (game developer)
www.freebase.com/m/027_sg8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4h	how did beatrice hsu die
www.freebase.com/m/07rj0p	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03wr1g	What is an organization that j. a. folger founded?
www.freebase.com/m/0c120r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is shinji mori's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv5tcm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is old school friday?
www.freebase.com/m/01lhk3r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what style of msuic did john pizzarelli play 
www.freebase.com/m/06rpd	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_team/home_games	www.freebase.com/m/09rl2hs	What was an example of a home game by the san diego chargers
www.freebase.com/m/0yqljdk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	what is leonard stein's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0nbb_m_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	where was eddie smith born
www.freebase.com/m/03y7xg1	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does  2674 pandarus orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0gtfrj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0186sp	what is trond egil soltvedt's birth place 
www.freebase.com/m/05zz7l4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is het mysterie van de mondscheinsonate
www.freebase.com/m/01fl3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0118swn	Name a song by the beach boys
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_933	what is the name of a boxing movie
www.freebase.com/m/011v_m	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/02y_6yd	what series is super mario bros. 2 a part of
www.freebase.com/m/018h84	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dl6kb9	which film was leslie charteris a writer on
www.freebase.com/m/0197s6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_genre/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0dqdwh	what is an abstract art work made by georgia o'keeffe 
www.freebase.com/m/0k6zjh	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/08mg_b	which film was produced by jon slan
www.freebase.com/m/0s8vty7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was sanjay arora born in
www.freebase.com/m/0d7wh	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0f2df	Who is a person who is one of the british people
www.freebase.com/m/016dgz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	what disease did anthony perkins die of
www.freebase.com/m/04wb98r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0kfb0	What is a subject in where the sea breaks its back?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrqrq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What type of film is the cunning little vixen
www.freebase.com/m/011f611	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvyc_	Who recorded victory 2004?
www.freebase.com/m/0gqhf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01wgb1	what cities are in akita prefecture?
www.freebase.com/m/0324rcd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kzwqgg	What was the track list for the release country songs?
www.freebase.com/m/02hwms7	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	which language family contains gweda language
www.freebase.com/m/04gsr5c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0d_scjs	which album was recorded by kim jong-wook
www.freebase.com/m/0lzfs	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/047llvx	Who was influenced by martin amis
www.freebase.com/m/026m4rp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	what state is  riegelwood in
www.freebase.com/m/02ch92	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/0dtzd	what is the mouth of the schuylkill river
www.freebase.com/m/0326bj	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/01pfly	to what group of islands does virgin gorda belong
www.freebase.com/m/0y2r9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is malverne known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0qsdplf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of film is searching for elliott smith
www.freebase.com/m/034rwh	www.freebase.com/religion/deity/deity_of	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	What religion is bhairava a deity in?
www.freebase.com/m/05v1n_z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what is the genre of walter cronkites universe
www.freebase.com/m/04kbwk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was where the wild things are written in
www.freebase.com/m/0j_gc23	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ted steele
www.freebase.com/m/0ssz8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03s0w	what state is cleghorn located in
www.freebase.com/m/0gzh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0g7ly4	what is an organization founded by abraham lincoln
www.freebase.com/m/0qznd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	Which state is the city of bombay beach located in
www.freebase.com/m/0sdqn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fwr6	What county is coalton in
www.freebase.com/m/08k409	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was one beat released as?
www.freebase.com/m/0pl0051	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does liza quin play
www.freebase.com/m/0m9542	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01hjjx2	samsara is a track form which album 
www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/06_x3v	What is the subject of news
www.freebase.com/m/026njb5	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0n7r75m	Who was the executive produced of red road (film)
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pc47lf	What is the name of a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/0pv9hk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dxnf99	What was a release from no love lost
www.freebase.com/m/02w8ggp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what kind of music is kamchatka
www.freebase.com/m/055c18	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/created_by	www.freebase.com/m/069t1c	who created the comic book series young avengers
www.freebase.com/m/0j8f5mt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is avocados
www.freebase.com/m/0sfwz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country locates chester
www.freebase.com/m/015kp7	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_type/mountains_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/05gtjp	what mountain is a stratovolcano?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy1pqp	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/02_9n	what is the name of a location in bras√≠lia standard time
www.freebase.com/m/02825nf	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/054yc0	What is the subject of the film pineapple express (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0y9w_wv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	what notable type is stay
www.freebase.com/m/04wbj5q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	Which genre of book is bin laden: the man who declared war on america?
www.freebase.com/m/027y_b7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	Which state is the morgan township in?
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0crdmzv	Name a model that died due to a car accident
www.freebase.com/m/03q6zsx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05sfjl	who is the artist that created city horizon
www.freebase.com/m/08qv96	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	which position does brian dowling play in football
www.freebase.com/m/040h_nw	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02qxy03	Who developed law and order: double or nothing?
www.freebase.com/m/0c630	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gdkwds	who was born in catania
www.freebase.com/m/04v4gqk	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0bwx3	who is the author editor of  walden
www.freebase.com/m/03y14rq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	who discovered 4171 carrasco
www.freebase.com/m/02xbn2s	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0hz7gz5	What's a movie the keith raywood production designed
www.freebase.com/m/01qxs3	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlf0g	What is game version developed by microprose?
www.freebase.com/m/03nlq7	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is the profession of julio medem?
www.freebase.com/m/01vxy7_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where was walter m√ºller born
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whyk2	what book is about the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0696w_	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0gkwb9	which songs have robert lamm written lyrics to?
www.freebase.com/m/03ynf90	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	What netflix genre does uniform belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0cgzp8m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	was dawn cody born in washington, d.c. or washington state
www.freebase.com/m/02hmkm9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/04kqk	What developer is behind the game afterlife?
www.freebase.com/m/03rmpj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02brqp	who published the video game fable (video game)
www.freebase.com/m/09n9qd	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqnx19	What drugs has boiron manufactured?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mx375	what is a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0crrfl7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is a jersey tale filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03g4d0n	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the content type of best of big bands: glen gray
www.freebase.com/m/04d4wp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of chris gwynn?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02x77c8	What is the name of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/0w46z5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what country is kang-yeong shin a citizen of 
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09v9fmf	what is the name of a movie whose genre is action film
www.freebase.com/m/0k08f8	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/087s_p	Which film did enrico medioli write?
www.freebase.com/m/047c2fr	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	What type of animal is the budweiser clydesdales
www.freebase.com/m/01228q	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0vg8	what industry is  midwest airlines in
www.freebase.com/m/0qj6h5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is home of the brave
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03fy0jg	What is the name of an underground compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cqvxz	which film is classified as a silent film
www.freebase.com/m/0m593	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/043nr_m	jack warner produced what american film?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2h44p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what is nainika's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03hmd1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03f_4mq	What is the name of an album by superdrag
www.freebase.com/m/0zl0hwt	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01pjww1	who composed turkish security
www.freebase.com/m/0_kmh0_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	In what form was close to the edge released
www.freebase.com/m/04v60zr	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01bt87	who edited little house in the big woods
www.freebase.com/m/0f4m7hs	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what region of the world was days of thunder released?
www.freebase.com/m/05h2hvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	which european nation is the fit of passion filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c02lvc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre is the island of disco ensemble
www.freebase.com/m/02c66t	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/01_p7z	What's a film that is about a wedding dress
www.freebase.com/m/01w2v	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/06kkqp6	What book has been written in regards to cairo
www.freebase.com/m/010sv2	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mlzk	which county contains buckley
www.freebase.com/m/04dyxmm	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	what is the architectural style of the belmont club/john young house
www.freebase.com/m/04952bf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is hebron located in?
www.freebase.com/m/096wrd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ndfb	Which county is bradleyville located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04b3lx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ngh9	which county is nevada located in 
www.freebase.com/m/07gq2s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country contains skeleton lake
www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04fd3zk	what artist is signed with warner music group
www.freebase.com/m/011yl_	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd3	what is shine rated?
www.freebase.com/m/05mrx8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bq8t0	what is an example of a political satire
www.freebase.com/m/0gf7ssk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is dracula in brianza from
www.freebase.com/m/0cfhb	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/034l01l	what was the release produced by opeth
www.freebase.com/m/05kg30	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/037w1	what American cartoonist is the creator of andy lippincott
www.freebase.com/m/0hlr1ch	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03q39f	Who wrote the film issues
www.freebase.com/m/0gcjhm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is mark kramer from
www.freebase.com/m/0cf3c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	how did janet gaynor pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/03gx9cn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is fred hawkins's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbzbk2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What sort of music is soundwave 2010
www.freebase.com/m/03jbv1s	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m2lj3y	What track on beautiful life has the same name as a country?
www.freebase.com/m/04cxvhp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01v_njh	Who is the main lyricist from everything dies
www.freebase.com/m/01n5ysc	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dq0580	What is the name of a track produced by the normal
www.freebase.com/m/0v4q8rw	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/036dyy	which famous actor is harold irwin braff the father of
www.freebase.com/m/04j294j	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/05r3dj	who wrote the movie eye of the eagle iii
www.freebase.com/m/02qdkgk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	is a song for summer a romance novel or drama
www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02r5y7y	Name a city in hungary
www.freebase.com/m/025vrh7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is mohinder suresh
www.freebase.com/m/0h69v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	WHat language is spoke in lenny
www.freebase.com/m/0vx97mg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_tdm	Where was kelly deadmon born?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/07kjpc3	whats a  studio album by ida corr
www.freebase.com/m/03cymtq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of jordon dizon
www.freebase.com/m/0bc477_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is final judgement spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/023x0n	www.freebase.com/sports/boxing_weight_division/boxers_rated_at_this_weight	www.freebase.com/m/0bmhfcb	which boxer was rated at the middleweight division
www.freebase.com/m/01k_1mr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kjclfv	What track was released on ocean rain
www.freebase.com/m/04lwsf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ncgs	Where was michael finnissy born?
www.freebase.com/m/0p76z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j9g3y	what album is by jethro tull (band)?
www.freebase.com/m/0h79_v_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what sort of movie is naya anubhav
www.freebase.com/m/0387zwb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lm72dy	What's a song on the track list of get this
www.freebase.com/m/0j2hj_0	www.freebase.com/base/uncommon/exception/focus	www.freebase.com/m/01hpnh	Who is the focus of uttar pradesh has more than one capital.
www.freebase.com/m/01rn8dz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fyv1s8	what is a track from the artist james kakande
www.freebase.com/m/015fs3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	What is a color of western michigan university
www.freebase.com/m/0j2jj1w	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01rzy2	who is eli maurice orowitz's son
www.freebase.com/m/0403l3g	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/09z58h	what is an example of a role-playing video game 
www.freebase.com/m/0jxn044	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0fjfh	What is an active ingredient in childrens earache relief
www.freebase.com/m/01rf_w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04t061	who signed on ant√¥nio carlos jobim
www.freebase.com/m/04dwzf	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	what war was thomas whitham in
www.freebase.com/m/0gv10	www.freebase.com/geography/island/body_of_water	www.freebase.com/m/0j3b	nantucket, massachusetts is an island in which body of water?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkfyfh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01s1r9d	who is the lyricist for second encore
www.freebase.com/m/0bvy7l9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what's the broadest genre that describes cockaboody
www.freebase.com/m/04fpcx	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02x2n1b	what is the name of a work done by  gary paulsen
www.freebase.com/m/0krv50	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is werner m. moser?
www.freebase.com/m/01f57_	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04kt5_x	what color does chinese crested dog has
www.freebase.com/m/0w3mgz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dq14x8	what was go your own way (outtake) released on 
www.freebase.com/m/03y80fl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 13062 podarkes orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0crwry7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what type of film is dead sleep?
www.freebase.com/m/04v7k2	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does vijay practice
www.freebase.com/m/05sqd8h	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	which country is the film the fish child from
www.freebase.com/m/0wctl1t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02knd0	Who recorded and i love her
www.freebase.com/m/0cg5yr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what types of music is created by adam levy
www.freebase.com/m/01sw8xk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03fpx	What genre is heavyheavylowlow?
www.freebase.com/m/04kr4vj	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/03jgg9	Name a quiet dog breed.
www.freebase.com/m/0c6ycc6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0c47kxw	What book is saint pierre and miquelon an edition of?
www.freebase.com/m/0x9fwrw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0xfb817	what are track of the estonia album
www.freebase.com/m/05zmdzl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0n1rj	where is rick barrio dill from
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07hym3	whats a location in the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t16l7	What's an example of a suspense book
www.freebase.com/m/0cm9bcq	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fdw2	Who wrote the film goltzius and the pelican company
www.freebase.com/m/01s638_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/015q3qb	what is the name of a track made by miliyah kato
www.freebase.com/m/0hqyskh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/056ll1	What's an active ingredient in fosaprepitant dimeglumine
www.freebase.com/m/0dsf6s8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hyfj	what kind of music comprises 4√ó4=12
www.freebase.com/m/02hl3d3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/07605	which platform can be used to play tomb raider chronicles
www.freebase.com/m/02w0qmq	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04xfb	which subject was discussed in gandhi, my father
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05q5qyc	Who is a known football player that plays forward
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gdgxvc	what types of movie is family film
www.freebase.com/m/054gq	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/07dyt7	Name an advisee of murray gell-mann
www.freebase.com/m/0myh5rg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is wendi lampassi from the united states or canada
www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t18g3	Name a book in the social sciences discipline. 
www.freebase.com/m/0f879c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	in which country is lake wakuach located
www.freebase.com/m/02q1dw_	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what entity is involved in the krak√≥w pogrom?
www.freebase.com/m/02r5f2v	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what are notre dame academy's colors
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0_gz6nr	Who is an artist known for painting?
www.freebase.com/m/085518	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what is the subject of survivors quest?
www.freebase.com/m/09k76dc	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/02j_j0	what production company was involved in smokin' aces 2: assasins' ball
www.freebase.com/m/02r69jl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is spoken in the medic
www.freebase.com/m/0vptm40	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what type of film is kanyaka talkies?
www.freebase.com/m/0xp3dvr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what does carol kicinski do for her profession
www.freebase.com/m/01871tt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032tht_	in what release was the recording glasgow
www.freebase.com/m/05bdd4q	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	Name a lawyer. 
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03c0kv8	what are compilation albums?
www.freebase.com/m/0vbk	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0487nwl	what is a city in arkansas?
www.freebase.com/m/0q54nb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0167z6y	What is the canonical version of coast to coast?
www.freebase.com/m/0g55l7g	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	where did hans dally die?
www.freebase.com/m/06jtfl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01cmjn	which publisher was behind  age of conan: unchained
www.freebase.com/m/0dbplk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	of what nationality is ken mcgoogan
www.freebase.com/m/04t_6cz	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03jxw	who was the author editor of moby-dick: a picture voyage 
www.freebase.com/m/0c1fjbw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is the nationality of connie kennedy
www.freebase.com/m/0n5zt9w	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where did prescott chaplin die
www.freebase.com/m/0mvqvpb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f_bk19	what is a song from apollo 13
www.freebase.com/m/0j28890	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05swd	what sort of film is combat report
www.freebase.com/m/012n6x	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/049ffv	Name a person who died from bleeding.
www.freebase.com/m/01ljphl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the album the best of little walter, volume two  released
www.freebase.com/m/01z039	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05prgc4	which films have steve perry directed
www.freebase.com/m/09f_sn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	what universe does neutron appear in 
www.freebase.com/m/06b9b4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kinds of movie is the desperate hours
www.freebase.com/m/0f3ymk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/09j_g	What company published the game tenchu: wrath of heaven
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/017dqv	name an ingredient allowed in veganism 
www.freebase.com/m/03q75lz	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/09gjxsj	What type of media is the sunspots on covered table
www.freebase.com/m/01vsl3_	www.freebase.com/base/qualia/recreational_drug_user/drug_s	www.freebase.com/m/04g9r	what drug did  john lennon use
www.freebase.com/m/02z9857	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	what illness did michael visaroff die from 
www.freebase.com/m/0zh_93v	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/016fd5	who is the producing company of tamburlaine the great?
www.freebase.com/m/0n5zm5k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What kind of film is drinking buddies
www.freebase.com/m/023d_b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cszh	what label is ace of base signed to
www.freebase.com/m/01k6cj	www.freebase.com/base/ancientegypt/pharaoh/predecessor	www.freebase.com/m/03399h	who was the predecessor of khufu, the ancient egyptian pharaoh
www.freebase.com/m/06_1zq3	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/059cb1	whats the architectural style of  webbley
www.freebase.com/m/03qqwmf	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the form of art of street light?
www.freebase.com/m/07k6l5z	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0qdwr	What produced the movie java head
www.freebase.com/m/04lghwf	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/04lhys_	who edited the film cleopatra?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6yg	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/02hjxl	how does insulin resistance formulate?
www.freebase.com/m/039d68	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/03hj9	which writing system is associated with biblical hebrew
www.freebase.com/m/043sjyh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	is 2464 nordenski√∂ld a meteor or an asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/0h64gqf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which orbit has relationship with (13953) 1990 to4
www.freebase.com/m/01glg8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/02hm98c	Whats a version of the game civilization ii
www.freebase.com/m/04l68f	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k03wb	Who's the producer of matewan
www.freebase.com/m/03fhb7n	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was game theory released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7qt9d	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was Best Swing 95 released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0fhgc3	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07_3vm	What is a film that rick famuyiwa wrote?
www.freebase.com/m/054698	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0j786rq	which song did vic chesnutt write
www.freebase.com/m/02ww_qc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fdjb	What is the genre of conan the adventurer tv program?
www.freebase.com/m/05qfsgw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lhn5	Where was perry brass birthed
www.freebase.com/m/04w65_6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07hpn	what is the subject of the book in praise of wisdom
www.freebase.com/m/08dm8k	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country released the film  cube
www.freebase.com/m/052g4t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01bgzh0	What's a song from russell watson
www.freebase.com/m/02kp1h	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0bdgp	what style of architecture is villa deste
www.freebase.com/m/0kv6zl	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0f25m6	who produced the film miss spider's sunny patch kids
www.freebase.com/m/03y583c	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does the 16007 kaasalainen orbit
www.freebase.com/m/03ygspp	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is 6864 starkenburg
www.freebase.com/m/033hz0	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/05rgl	Where does the santa ana river end
www.freebase.com/m/0jrf3rm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is wesley kilmer's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0bp5dm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre of music does mizraab belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/09vvtp	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01rlhw	Who did the music for the film carry on cruising
www.freebase.com/m/01rrs9n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016_rm	what genre of music is locd out
www.freebase.com/m/07f6qt_	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/mentions	www.freebase.com/m/025b5y	which actress was mentioned in review of ugly truth, the at www.usatoday.com
www.freebase.com/m/0dnk3ml	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0175zz	What type of music is dum dum girls
www.freebase.com/m/0yqp6cs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is enno lerian 's gender
www.freebase.com/m/051_rfb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05b26sb	Who directed woody meets davy crewcut
www.freebase.com/m/040132	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/04t00x	what mountain range does humphreys peak belong to
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09yvbs	what is a science fiction film?
www.freebase.com/m/06c_w1	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	What musical instrument does jimmy bain play
www.freebase.com/m/02p_8w5	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/046_v	who created the comic book character hermes
www.freebase.com/m/0y_dp9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p7m1x	what band recorded blown away
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w155_	what's a book about the united states
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04nm071	Name a movie title under the netflix genre brazil
www.freebase.com/m/01vsksr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hm_kd	Name an album by bill wyman.
www.freebase.com/m/02hxnqz	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	which country uses ndali language
www.freebase.com/m/03m7c3j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is ji≈ôina bohdalov√° female or male?
www.freebase.com/m/0439jg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	which country is powell river located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h73d2l	Name an action film.
www.freebase.com/m/080lkz3	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/bridge_type	www.freebase.com/m/01v4lt	what type of construction does cornwall bridge have
www.freebase.com/m/0_d5zl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mr46b	which group recorded santa claus
www.freebase.com/m/05txq9_	www.freebase.com/type/content/uploaded_by	www.freebase.com/m/0220tm0	Who uploaded the profile on kauffman stadium
www.freebase.com/m/0565cz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	What is david lindley (musician)'s profession?
www.freebase.com/m/015nl4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/parent_institution	www.freebase.com/m/014xf6	what is the parental institution of the royal academy of dramatic art
www.freebase.com/m/027swf	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_range/passes	www.freebase.com/m/057m56	what passes are in the san gabriel mountains
www.freebase.com/m/01s19rf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was blues train?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg4yn_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is my paper kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/017gjd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gd53v	What broadcast station plays fairport convention?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx_jh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	what is aleksei kravchenko's origin?
www.freebase.com/m/01kn5n1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	The album standards is in which genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/0lqh8nl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/097kp	what language was the act of killing in?
www.freebase.com/m/06tc98	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gkgp	where was allison hayes born?
www.freebase.com/m/0bl8y2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0163z0	What is a park in umlauf sculpture garden and museum
www.freebase.com/m/0zhyc8w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03xpqgs	who was the lyricist of september, s. 346
www.freebase.com/m/09_nv8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	which type of film is the bitter tea of general yen released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05wzy49	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f04c	which city was ted pearson born in
www.freebase.com/m/03qlpbt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jpy_	In which city was william greene turner born?
www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0yt0k24	Who is an artist signed to warner bros. records
www.freebase.com/m/01ynzf	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/04jn_x5	what film was sidney sheldon the story contributor for 
www.freebase.com/m/0wh_fb8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	Where is bayuvi dupki
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02zqhd	who is a person with politician as a profession
www.freebase.com/m/04qxxjh	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	What type of license does newplymouth windwand have
www.freebase.com/m/0fqyj9s	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mnwwcg	what's one of the songs on don't fear the revenge
www.freebase.com/m/02jfc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w92sj	what is a book about education?
www.freebase.com/m/02wkc9c	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_issue/cover_colors	www.freebase.com/m/03h0l7	What artists did coloring for the cover of batman #427
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/047dgb_	Name a drama film.
www.freebase.com/m/03d2ts_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is rob renes a male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/012x4t	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbx3t	which radio station is stevie wonder featured on
www.freebase.com/m/01sz2zr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	What kind of music is the album farewell aldebaran
www.freebase.com/m/0h25lcg	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0464cjs	Who directed the film the congress
www.freebase.com/m/0tp9426	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02cyfz	Who recorded the album heart of the ocean
www.freebase.com/m/0njshz_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is harriet tubman?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5_nph	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/026_w6	which label is released by old rottenhat
www.freebase.com/m/0hgrz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/05lls	is rigoletto a play or an opera
www.freebase.com/m/09g8g	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/03czkbg	what is an adaptation of la boh√®me called 
www.freebase.com/m/04914vg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvl0	where are sparks hill located  
www.freebase.com/m/01rtw2_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	What type of music is "By All Means"?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8nm_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where was looking for simon filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/016jny	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02qg6l_	What is the name of a folk rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8j5wz	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was tmf hitzone: best of 99 released in 
www.freebase.com/m/026m8qx	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ch55	what kind of instrument can joel forrester play?
www.freebase.com/m/03wz6h	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w6wk6	what is the name of a book by adi da
www.freebase.com/m/03cq_q_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	what is the occupation of dave smeds
www.freebase.com/m/03gzs4y	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01twtvh	who wrote the music for kiss kiss
www.freebase.com/m/05p85k1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is the priests wife set
www.freebase.com/m/03frvfk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released phonograph
www.freebase.com/m/034y8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of film is son of godzilla
www.freebase.com/m/0wgl4_s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0nd3s1d	what tv series is the episode scary movie from
www.freebase.com/m/0bxw0x	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is the profession of connie wilkins?
www.freebase.com/m/04xdx71	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	what subject is the main component of the book java 2 and javascript for c and c++ programmers
www.freebase.com/m/0g5qy7m	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/020g9r	What was the entity involved in the capitulation of stettin
www.freebase.com/m/028zbs	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqk_zd	What drug does astrazeneca manufacture?
www.freebase.com/m/03xr0hy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m380gp	what is a track on the release best of motown, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/0cm80bx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/063t53	which series is skyclans destiny a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/05b_hs_	www.freebase.com/event/disaster/areas_affected	www.freebase.com/m/06x81b	which areas were affected by the disaster pacific western airlines flight 314
www.freebase.com/m/03nr7xh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is until the night composed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_b9yz	what track is accredited to richard m. sherman?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtx6f0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is random thoughts
www.freebase.com/m/05nn06	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	The organization giant bicycles  is what legal structure
www.freebase.com/m/0dbmfq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is oxford ring road in?
www.freebase.com/m/025_hzm	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/0b_fn4	what school district is hillsborough high school in
www.freebase.com/m/0kyncym	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03yfzj	Who was the publisher for zorro?
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01l0k6f	what is the funk group known for rhythm and blues
www.freebase.com/m/04xdg5c	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/05wj0k	who developed rick dangerous 2
www.freebase.com/m/03fcm3	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzjmbq	what administrative type is located in can tho
www.freebase.com/m/012r6w2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0381r3c	which release has the recording closer
www.freebase.com/m/06k02	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02pxst	which film did ryuichi sakamoto create the music for 
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/080f35	what novelist was born in chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/0dryh9k	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/06dzgl	Who is of the indian people
www.freebase.com/m/0f3_jrc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fm10	which artist recorded fix
www.freebase.com/m/026p9bv	www.freebase.com/user/skud/boats/vessel/use	www.freebase.com/m/01vbb5	What type of vessel is the rms umbria?
www.freebase.com/m/0gsykds	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	what language was used in the film samba riachao
www.freebase.com/m/0257r8	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/0vsgmpg	What is the name of a cyclone that hit the area of campeche?
www.freebase.com/m/02qc5yy	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/036f1_	what group was named after bobby clancy
www.freebase.com/m/04vdlrf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	the forge of god is in what binding style?
www.freebase.com/m/02pv194	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What genre is all because of you associated with
www.freebase.com/m/05zjx	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0h3q_f8	who is paul reubens's father
www.freebase.com/m/0375d85	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02dbp7	who produced enter the dru?
www.freebase.com/m/03cn9c2	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k57l	Who directed the the tourist film?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0b4xlc	Name a song.
www.freebase.com/m/0dtxz_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	What company published nascar 07?
www.freebase.com/m/015kg1	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05jj6d	what is the name of an artist with epitaph records
www.freebase.com/m/06wp_k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre of film is princess caraboo
www.freebase.com/m/01vzxld	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pqxb8	which track is created by sheena easton
www.freebase.com/m/028br41	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01tbyg	Where is stan stammers originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0np7r0y	What's an album by jerry lee lewis
www.freebase.com/m/0vxg8hs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02dc3_	who wrote \\"w\\" is for wasted 
www.freebase.com/m/063zjg6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was marion carpenter born
www.freebase.com/m/04123lv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre is the album el cantante
www.freebase.com/m/016jny	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01qv8g	which musician plays folk rock
www.freebase.com/m/0c1131	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what category of celestial objects does kappa draconis belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0nltn74	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hzfyx	who is the artist who did the recording titled manhattan
www.freebase.com/m/026q2_p	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03qh03g	which industry is m.net corporation
www.freebase.com/m/0419h2	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w3_82	what are the books elfriede jelinek has authored
www.freebase.com/m/0213qq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/09gf_40	which program was created by amy sherman-palladino
www.freebase.com/m/013yrz	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/0j58y	what kind of museum os the science museum (london)?
www.freebase.com/m/03d8b7m	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w2d55	What was written by duane swierczynski
www.freebase.com/m/0b6ygql	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the movie atta baby
www.freebase.com/m/0156q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gb0ftp	Who is actor who was born in berlin?
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09yyzq	Who's the artist who made rhythm and blues
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03m72fr	What is the name of a rock music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0czwr2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	which genre does the book guardians of ga'hoole book 5: the shattering belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0_nw7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01plhz0	who sang the song savannah
www.freebase.com/m/069lqf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What's a gameplay mode in sacred
www.freebase.com/m/0dpq1q	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/096hm	Who directed the film darling lili
www.freebase.com/m/04gvwkl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music is lacey conner classified as?
www.freebase.com/m/0l8nhxt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is xx ‚Äì two decades of love metal
www.freebase.com/m/08qvwr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rt80	what city and state was c. jack ellis born in
www.freebase.com/m/03c47fj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country can claim that they created the stolen treaty
www.freebase.com/m/01pk8hk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is johnny russell's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/05q7ln	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f43lv_	Name a track by the artist diplo.
www.freebase.com/m/0bh6_ws	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hxyj	What profession does chris bartlett hold?
www.freebase.com/m/03f25kb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	is anson funderburgh blue or pop rock
www.freebase.com/m/04n45_2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did needful things take place in
www.freebase.com/m/04wfq60	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	which subjects are covered in the book medieval travellers?
www.freebase.com/m/0wxkd0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kv53gr	What track was recorded by the last song?
www.freebase.com/m/0bw0dbw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is andrew thorndike from 
www.freebase.com/m/0d9mlqv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	in which country was the winston churchill book published
www.freebase.com/m/04wh981	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	which school subject does the history of ancient egypt fall under
www.freebase.com/m/03xwrxc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is "Prestige Profiles"?
www.freebase.com/m/0hgr06w	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sex	www.freebase.com/m/0c0ygc	what kind of horse was anabaa
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/04jbcr_	what's a public school (government funded) named after lucy laney
www.freebase.com/m/04fzfj	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/065w6k	who created the story for godzilla (1998 film)
www.freebase.com/m/01ms6sw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	what type of music is on the lioness?
www.freebase.com/m/03ck__b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0__08	where did vic frazier die?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg572	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wcblt	what are some examples of a work by kevin danaher?
www.freebase.com/m/02rwktz	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/02rnmb	what are noosa christian college's colors?
www.freebase.com/m/03yfmgl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	what kind of pop music is the album flower festival: vision factory presents
www.freebase.com/m/047tdzv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02q55qb	where was sjafruddin prawiranegara born
www.freebase.com/m/0dx96q5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01cgmx	who is the artist on night and day album
www.freebase.com/m/0cs1y50	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03nx3	which musician contributed dido & aeneas: a choreographic opera
www.freebase.com/m/05nmd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0zrtxsb	whats an example of an  oil painting
www.freebase.com/m/06tyfk	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	Which instrument did grete sultan play?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjkhl	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/04sg5	what flavor is commit 2 lozenge
www.freebase.com/m/01j9sx5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is a man & the blues
www.freebase.com/m/0bf3c5n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what is the main language spoken in a ghentar si muore facile
www.freebase.com/m/0lld79h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0ptbvp	what release is the track hard times from
www.freebase.com/m/0cv78vy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/013d7t	what city has remington college, shreveport
www.freebase.com/m/0hqscgg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is petrolatum 0.568 lotion?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlncx9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01v0x0	Who wrote the book strega
www.freebase.com/m/0dwvjq0	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where was the best of david bowie 1974-1979 released?
www.freebase.com/m/039hqx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03z27d	in which city did michel chartrand die
www.freebase.com/m/01lggvf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is georgia gibbs's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyp_wz	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	which company released tiger woods pga tour 07?
www.freebase.com/m/0fl9g3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05lw66	who is the artist that released til all are one
www.freebase.com/m/0y8qsl_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the physical format of the release back to the 80s
www.freebase.com/m/03_fby	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is cassiesteele's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlj9wh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the written language of the work well paid scientist?
www.freebase.com/m/0hjfy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jvd79q	which drug has chloride as an active ingredient 
www.freebase.com/m/0cmdl80	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0cz96v1	The film abduction  was edited by whom? 
www.freebase.com/m/0btwts	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0yc8600	what is a track by peter breiner
www.freebase.com/m/01h614	www.freebase.com/location/de_rural_district/district_seat	www.freebase.com/m/07gdw	what is the district seat for the de rural trier-saarburg district
www.freebase.com/m/03cq7tv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/068p2	Where was gerald davis born
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01w4b3m	Which artists is an alternative rock artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0gvnk29	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/08_wh0	What's a movie where stuart ford was the executive producer
www.freebase.com/m/04wdwhm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h0n	What genre is the things that are most in the world
www.freebase.com/m/03mw2v	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03mdg6r	What's a movie written by val guest
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnl41	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/026hkbl	what entity manufactured childrens tylenol 160 suspension
www.freebase.com/m/0bbc29p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Roger Molliens gender?
www.freebase.com/m/06_x91g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	What state is rend lake college in?
www.freebase.com/m/033ysx1	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was move away released at?
www.freebase.com/m/0qbn_kn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0qcjr_s	what album was the track reno from
www.freebase.com/m/05c25ly	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what is the genre of bernth√∏ler?
www.freebase.com/m/048p_g	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq232n	what types of movie is final destination 2 in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04wf19t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04kfxq	What is the subject of the making of western jewry, 1600-1819?
www.freebase.com/m/09nrzz	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Which basin country is hinze dam located in
www.freebase.com/m/05hvy4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0wqc7	where was hank cochran birthed
www.freebase.com/m/0bmg39s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of eberhard kinzel?
www.freebase.com/m/0lnl2dt	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038n4s1	What album release includes the track billy
www.freebase.com/m/0gnryx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cc146	What's a lake located within mels
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0b6jpcv	What is the name of a music program 
www.freebase.com/m/0mn7c2f	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fmjznm	what album is the track o holy night on
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0gpc8b	who played the bass guitar in Communic
www.freebase.com/m/055lhs	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position is played by guillermo barros schelotto
www.freebase.com/m/05dqwq	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/09g7cqb	What film was produced by monogram pictures?
www.freebase.com/m/02675_h	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/050d_	name a military personnel involved in liberators civil war
www.freebase.com/m/053x8hr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what television genre is sherlock?
www.freebase.com/m/09ntbc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	leo bertos was born in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/084qpk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	Which language is the film grindhouse in
www.freebase.com/m/0pl0xp4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country is on my way from
www.freebase.com/m/0d1zcz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is hawkman?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnmsz	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	What color is the drug gabapentin 400 capsule
www.freebase.com/m/0frdh81	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mw4ltf	What is a track from the recording manhattan
www.freebase.com/m/0g9b0nm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is gina belafonte
www.freebase.com/m/0j1yg4r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is Aleksandr Baranov notable for?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cfcn2	What indie film featured fatty arbuckle
www.freebase.com/m/026t6	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/09xqcd	What founder of Screaming Lord Sutch's Savages plays drum?
www.freebase.com/m/09g6_37	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is laura kirkpatrick
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrgn3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0jf44	what is the active ingredient in ribavirin 600 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0crh4ww	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What language does Sanjog Se Bani Sangini speak?
www.freebase.com/m/02h3k_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mb7p3	What is one of charley pride's biggest albums?
www.freebase.com/m/01jnjdb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was rock 'n' roll released
www.freebase.com/m/02w6hhc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What gameplay options are available for the game growlanser iv: wayfarer of the time
www.freebase.com/m/047m52	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0_5pzwy	what is an online shopping company?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz77d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	what kind of game is super monkey ball: banana blitz
www.freebase.com/m/03mdnj6	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language today's sunbeam written
www.freebase.com/m/05kqx58	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What was susan l. taylor's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/043n8dz	What is a live album by polish jazz band NRD?
www.freebase.com/m/0ccp88	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03lhhq	who wrote the film the inner circle
www.freebase.com/m/0y7yl17	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is katie lintner's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv6hc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is smelt 0.1 injectable solution administered
www.freebase.com/m/01gm43	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01b7b	What was the profession of peter hollingworth?
www.freebase.com/m/04m_7hb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xqft	where is the birthplace of rob margolies
www.freebase.com/m/01klsny	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/082db	who is the composer that wrote the songs on the essential mozart
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/08tr5_	name a piano player.
www.freebase.com/m/0fw1wt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	what is the genre of the amazing mrs pritchard
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0l057	who is a french artist famous for painting
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtn2g	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what kind of medication is the albuminuriaforce classified in
www.freebase.com/m/01jgvh2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01b64v8	What is a song off the self-titled album george harrison?
www.freebase.com/m/08vwp6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/026c63z	what is the name of an episode of life on a stick
www.freebase.com/m/0j5ygms	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language is used in harbour drift
www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/056g2vp	which 2009 political drama film was released as a documentary?
www.freebase.com/m/0qy5v	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/03dnqrn	what zip codes are in chico, california?
www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05bkwd8	Name a neighborhood in san francisco bay area
www.freebase.com/m/04tqlfv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0521nx3	what organization published the cry
www.freebase.com/m/02vqvy5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	what kinds of music is created by rootwater
www.freebase.com/m/01s4xpq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the album classification for grandmasters 
www.freebase.com/m/0rrhvh4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0tdkpp	which recording was the release track god included on
www.freebase.com/m/03_r8h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0vvcf_z	which actor was born in denver
www.freebase.com/m/0myp8r4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/015hdgz	what is a recorded version of time to say goodbye?
www.freebase.com/m/0360cc2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	20 exitos (disc 1) was released in what country
www.freebase.com/m/024g0p	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0410v8v	Who's a character that tracy hickman created
www.freebase.com/m/03q6mpt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what art form is white angel breadline, san francisco considered
www.freebase.com/m/0k1bnz8	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_producer/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0k2xx0d	what is a play produced by richard winkler
www.freebase.com/m/03cbwh2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	eva isaksen is a national of which state?
www.freebase.com/m/01mnfmv	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	What instrument does ron thal play?
www.freebase.com/m/05bm37f	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/032cs4	James j. Murakami is the film art director of what film series?
www.freebase.com/m/0w1z26x	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	in what form is the composition i wish i didn't love you so
www.freebase.com/m/03bzzq	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	which country released homeland union
www.freebase.com/m/0j_cns	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is joel bender
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxc4m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is pentobarbital sodium
www.freebase.com/m/0nlr8l8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0y8t9_1	what track is diamond a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/0crs6pt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was mysterious creatures released
www.freebase.com/m/0fqnqdq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what type of music does make a little magic make
www.freebase.com/m/03c5f22	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	who is the videogame developer of roc'n rope
www.freebase.com/m/0czsqd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/05yx06y	what character is in the albatross species
www.freebase.com/m/0jwsr9h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	what was joseph-ferdinand daniel's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/01vs78g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/016y2n2	what is a song that sugizo is known for?
www.freebase.com/m/033xpb5	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Where was tri-angle released
www.freebase.com/m/07mx2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What type of composition is the star-spangled banner
www.freebase.com/m/042_c7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0blgl	who created patty
www.freebase.com/m/057_66	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/025yhz6	What is an example of a public high school
www.freebase.com/m/0ds94rw	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04hsn6	who directed the film drums of tahiti
www.freebase.com/m/06n_zh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Where is philippe delorme from?
www.freebase.com/m/01vb6z	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0hhmmhn	who is cameron crowe's mom?
www.freebase.com/m/06xltj	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0d8g5	which character supports harry in harry potter
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56_t	Which album is a death metal album?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhqg7z	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is (101180) 1998 sh9
www.freebase.com/m/0vzt2py	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What film genre is the movie panic?
www.freebase.com/m/01x6_p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0vv046b	What is an album by ernest tubb?
www.freebase.com/m/043phtz	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	what american football position does jason jones play
www.freebase.com/m/0n1dmsj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0gf63jf	what was africa released on
www.freebase.com/m/0gc28qv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what kind of work does ratiborka ceramilac do?
www.freebase.com/m/026fh6h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0137sw	where was gail harris born?
www.freebase.com/m/01k3439	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04tkyq	Who is the record label for hot tuna
www.freebase.com/m/02p_6xz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is anatoliy matkevych male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/02qg8bq	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what martial art does  susianna kentikian perform
www.freebase.com/m/04w27m_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	which genre is the book a sudden, fearful death
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q209lb	What's a short film released in 2012
www.freebase.com/m/034h89	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01kd3m	what is abyss' power
www.freebase.com/m/05f2x9x	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what position does bernie graham play
www.freebase.com/m/02vhpvc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_organization/members	www.freebase.com/m/01n2f5	who were the members of the fictional organization ravenclaw house?
www.freebase.com/m/026mnx4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what nation is harry werner storz originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bs47_y	who is an artist and author born in san francisco
www.freebase.com/m/030s5g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is jerry wald from?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvm_3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	which genre does the title ancient evil: scream of the mummy fall under
www.freebase.com/m/03x4qf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02b8k9	what area is ohakune found in 
www.freebase.com/m/0cnkj2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	what film genre is siones wedding?
www.freebase.com/m/01qbdz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03cyqr	who developed the computer videogame empire earth
www.freebase.com/m/0chts28	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is eye over prague in
www.freebase.com/m/0smj8bx	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0sk_1l7	What is a version of the single santa claus is coming to town?
www.freebase.com/m/02q7vxc	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/06w4qxr	who wrote the story for the wrestlers?
www.freebase.com/m/0t_8_mt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is patricia wood from
www.freebase.com/m/017mtdl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0311875	What release has schutzstaffel on it?
www.freebase.com/m/04k8w4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mkxr	What county is taliesin
www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0j15_6_	who is someone that died by suicide
www.freebase.com/m/0sh9m	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0ntwb	what county is  east peoria, illinois in 
www.freebase.com/m/03h64	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07rsdz	who's a kung fu star from hong kong
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsv6k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what drug classification is disulfiram 250 tablet 
www.freebase.com/m/04xdy8j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03082	What type of subject does the stonecutter belongs to?
www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/086rw0	what's a town in the southwest of ireland
www.freebase.com/m/06j74r	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What's a gameplay mode in silhouette mirage
www.freebase.com/m/07_k5w	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/02hl5p4	which version is part of dungeon keeper 3
www.freebase.com/m/04mms8g	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	which european nation is days and clouds filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02q3fdr	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/0dvypmt	What was the soundtrack for the movie ponyo
www.freebase.com/m/01l7vhv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album this is jazz
www.freebase.com/m/0277ks8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	Which canadian city was william southam born in
www.freebase.com/m/0czct77	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/05b7q	What area did typhoon kompasu affect?
www.freebase.com/m/0w46cx8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	what nationality is b. visser 
www.freebase.com/m/064kw6w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	What is the nationality of vladimir baksheyev?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwgjbg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	what type of music is attention shoppers!
www.freebase.com/m/0x2g2mk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is  dilip doley male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0f485	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02tvmy	what theater is in city of westminster?
www.freebase.com/m/07235n	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of paul phoenix
www.freebase.com/m/0f9zwlm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tyfn	Who recorded caledonia?
www.freebase.com/m/029wyf	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	which position does ray lewis play
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02q9sq2	what is an example of a public university
www.freebase.com/m/0kjsl7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	which southern united state was raasin mcintosh born in
www.freebase.com/m/01_bhs	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/03q3h8	what is an american fast food chain
www.freebase.com/m/05b3npc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is pati parmeshwar in 
www.freebase.com/m/06_qc	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/02cy6l	who is a character in speaker for the dead
www.freebase.com/m/03czf7n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	what was the cause of death of josias cunningham
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0fbdb	what fruit can be eaten as directed by veganism
www.freebase.com/m/0hqssxy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05xd6	What is the active ingredient in alpha cf
www.freebase.com/m/0smtsvz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0qsn2gt	Who recorded night
www.freebase.com/m/031xrx0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0tcb1c	What type of music release is the complete miles davis at montreux: 1973-1991?
www.freebase.com/m/02wwxbp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0233qs	What genre of music is dj nelson?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dnckdp	what is a chinese album
www.freebase.com/m/01lf8p7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0139zql	What is a track made by johnny burnette
www.freebase.com/m/0d2wc	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/045nzx	What is the name of the crater on the moon named for georg ohm?
www.freebase.com/m/03f3bp7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	what is the genre of gusgofficial
www.freebase.com/m/0fcrv01	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j98ky	which song is part of freestyle
www.freebase.com/m/018y0w	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/074v_1j	huey p. newton was a major activist for this social movement.
www.freebase.com/m/033cp5m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vcvhg	Name a track off the release grape blueprints pour spinach olive grape
www.freebase.com/m/035wcs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0np4244	what's a eurodance by ian van dahl
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01qw0lx	What is an example of a punk rock album
www.freebase.com/m/05sz_xs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ypt	where was harvey lowe given birth
www.freebase.com/m/02pkqm7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02w8dmx	Who was the developer of lego creator: knights kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/06clss	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/07y4x_c	what is ceftazidime used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/020hh3	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/012__vr	what is the title of a track produced by  lars ulrich
www.freebase.com/m/0271kpq	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/color	www.freebase.com/m/04krk_m	What are the colors of a spanish water dog?
www.freebase.com/m/0crx3n0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what is the genre of the netflix title no greater love
www.freebase.com/m/0dj0_b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what is a subject of the naming of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/05d57g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is giovanni ambrogio figino's nation of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp9_8	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is the color of the drug smart sense nicotine mint 2 chewing gum?
www.freebase.com/m/0nndp58	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w_y0j	who recorded the island
www.freebase.com/m/0809cdl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04wgh	where did laila ghofran come from
www.freebase.com/m/0c7n2nd	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	Where was poems published?
www.freebase.com/m/03f_0gz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dbb3	Who is the artist that made the album  midnite jazz & blues: the voice of jazz
www.freebase.com/m/027rn	www.freebase.com/location/country/first_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/03xq2h	What first level division is in the Dominican Republic?
www.freebase.com/m/0k6y3yz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is toni habib's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/016fly	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05nb7lw	Name a professor.
www.freebase.com/m/03g_jj2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nz90	The donald community is located where
www.freebase.com/m/025zkl5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01r7j	which english novelist wrote the work payment deferred?
www.freebase.com/m/020n_n	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is the geographic scope of the organization united food and commercial workers?
www.freebase.com/m/059rby	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01mg0v	what city is found in  new york
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs0ty	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of esika vanilla hombre roll-on
www.freebase.com/m/05yv_2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01r82b6	who composed the song rich girl
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrjbc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0lbt3	What is the active ingredient in acetaminophen and codeine phosphate 500/15 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0z2hsz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w7nwc	The song nirvana was performed by who
www.freebase.com/m/03yvtl5	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/06zpsmp	Which film did greg aronowitz executively produce
www.freebase.com/m/075wx7_	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/08nvr_d	who did the art direction for the film eclipse
www.freebase.com/m/0j61m19	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0f_rchq	what television show featured an episode titled taylor swift?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hr3nn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01wzv37	Who was the lyricist from the composition titled monster
www.freebase.com/m/072pgc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What is alain sutter position
www.freebase.com/m/03n7gj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	what language is road house in?
www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/043qsyy	what building is an example of colonial revival architecture
www.freebase.com/m/0d8lsv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	what kind of show is day break
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/064q64f	who is russian jewish painter
www.freebase.com/m/0crxmvm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what type of film is baby faith: god made music?
www.freebase.com/m/0c9n_3	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_conference/divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0c79_s	which devision is the western conference in
www.freebase.com/m/04wdtc_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	the other california  is classified as what subject
www.freebase.com/m/09snz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/044qdn	who was born in bellingham?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqszqm	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is titanium dioxide 0.06 emulsion classified as
www.freebase.com/m/03795gz	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02xb_r	Who produced the album love. angel. music. baby. (bonus disc)?
www.freebase.com/m/04jcrqc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position in football did lee ho-jin play
www.freebase.com/m/04w6tlf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0cd78	which subject is the written work finding our way about
www.freebase.com/m/0rh5smj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	what city did georg baselt die in
www.freebase.com/m/0c1d0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0mxhfgj	which screenwriter was born in providence, rhode island?
www.freebase.com/m/04zrpp9	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/transit_system	www.freebase.com/m/01zy11	What transit system is n10 - downtown/richmond nightbus a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0ffnd2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what is the topic of the written piece david and the phoenix
www.freebase.com/m/016fly	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05x0n0_	Name a famous professor
www.freebase.com/m/04mxy72	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does henry nielsen do
www.freebase.com/m/0dmy957	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0165wc3	what is a song on beat happening
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wf3q2	name a history book.
www.freebase.com/m/01nb9s7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wdls_6	which holiday songs did billy vaughn sing?
www.freebase.com/m/04j26b5	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/023361	Who composed the music for the salamander?
www.freebase.com/m/03y2snv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	who discovered 5551 glikson
www.freebase.com/m/02gx51	www.freebase.com/award/award_presenting_organization/awards_presented	www.freebase.com/m/028nvx	american library association presents what medal?
www.freebase.com/m/0wl4	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w7092	What is the name of a book that deals with aeronautics
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07p829	Name a location within germany
www.freebase.com/m/02rcyqp	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	what area is loun language from?
www.freebase.com/m/04whtk3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01_8tz	Who is the author of birds in jeopardy?
www.freebase.com/m/039wzq	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is dave henderson ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0b9hsy	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02fp48	which government party was involved with the battle of bristoe station?
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01nvg7	What's a city in germany
www.freebase.com/m/04j2l2j	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bzydx	birth of a golem is a film directed by what notable director
www.freebase.com/m/0dm7lj1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mn3s0c	What track is triangle a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/03h5w0v	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 9975 takimotokoso orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/01sh3s_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	what label is miwa yoshida signed with 
www.freebase.com/m/025txrl	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hl8gw	What's a racing game released by vivendi games
www.freebase.com/m/03h4kpq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0310xv	which city did carl-alfred schumacher die
www.freebase.com/m/0lzp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0qq05jl	Who is a film director that was born in aarhus?
www.freebase.com/m/05r_5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tvzg	which city was ezekiel f. chambers born 
www.freebase.com/m/02874rf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	how is magnant played 
www.freebase.com/m/0lx4pwv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03ffygv	what is a release from the track babylon?
www.freebase.com/m/01f8gz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22f2	which genre does chungking express belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05ngcv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftvg	which city was gail davis born
www.freebase.com/m/0l7l346	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035321w	What album is owensboro from?
www.freebase.com/m/08_jl4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where in europe was david gavaghan born
www.freebase.com/m/03j8ww	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what ethnicity is george wald
www.freebase.com/m/0nskkp7	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of the release hit history, volume 27: 1981
www.freebase.com/m/01m0dps	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what style of music is the best of the stylistics released in?
www.freebase.com/m/01dhtvx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0280n5l	which artist recorded wake
www.freebase.com/m/0f5b6c0	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	In what format was ictus / this thing called dying released
www.freebase.com/m/0g575jj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was the compilation of this is your life released?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6ljwf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/011vx3	which lyricist composed sweet little baby
www.freebase.com/m/0196_h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0b9lg0	who was a famous person born in gwalior
www.freebase.com/m/0293ww	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is kilkeel in
www.freebase.com/m/0416srm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What is the genre of the movie rawhide?
www.freebase.com/m/0364ymw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/012xpch	what is a song form the album on the strength
www.freebase.com/m/0ws6sf9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is the woman carolin fink
www.freebase.com/m/04w5x_3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	which genre is the book murder carries a torch about
www.freebase.com/m/04zwlq	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What is thomas √ñstros' profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0ft8tx	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	what country is porsuk river in
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0h6lgj	What is an example of a single-player video game
www.freebase.com/m/0_hgg96	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0_hgftp	Which season was the jessica simpson episode in?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1f73	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/03_b1g	which tv series has happy go lucky as an episode 
www.freebase.com/m/01kfbzn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre is the album everythings o.k. ep
www.freebase.com/m/014936	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music is christy carlson romano
www.freebase.com/m/05qcw2q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0b0pf	Who wrote the case of the toxic spell dump
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/03qlg61	name a real example of a regiment.
www.freebase.com/m/05p87b4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does andy kiwomya play?
www.freebase.com/m/01lzsn5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04z_bvx	What is an album by phil manzanera?
www.freebase.com/m/05c07wb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xtw4	Where was john f. mulholland, jr. born?
www.freebase.com/m/0_d5g	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/051k0z2	What is an edition of crime and punishment
www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cs2ps9	What is the title of the netlix film in the genre of japan?
www.freebase.com/m/0cm4m0k	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fz3c68	who produced the film adelaide
www.freebase.com/m/03d6dsf	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	What is the subject of the film titled higher than a kite
www.freebase.com/m/0kmtw9l	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0wv4lf	what release track and recording is named yellow submarine
www.freebase.com/m/03y48hb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/07m61	what asteroid group is 43706 iphiklos part of 
www.freebase.com/m/06_59w	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/03v_5	what is herbert f. johnson museum of art near
www.freebase.com/m/0dgfl0z	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in deep end
www.freebase.com/m/064n6tq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used for the movie the last good time
www.freebase.com/m/043p4rw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/013vyjz	What is a track by liesbeth list?
www.freebase.com/m/077qjsb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of william winchester claytor
www.freebase.com/m/0p9pl	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of netflix title is doctor dolittle
www.freebase.com/m/06w15tl	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0cn68	what is hayley kiyoko's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0gg90kt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02qs52	what's a town that u.s. route 1 business runs through
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wcqfh	What would be called speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/03hl6rj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0285m87	where is rafael perestrello from
www.freebase.com/m/04cx4v6	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/026ck	who directed the spanish gypsy
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gksx14	which drama film from 1967?
www.freebase.com/m/05yht2	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is pl√∂tzensee located in
www.freebase.com/m/061sbt	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqshzv	what is the active ingredient in tolbutamide?
www.freebase.com/m/01n8fzx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was the origin of seti
www.freebase.com/m/01q0n3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did prince arthur of connaught die 
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06p3qs	what person played forward?
www.freebase.com/m/0lwp1nr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03bld6s	Which release is fantasy off of
www.freebase.com/m/02_7l2	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vc45x	What's an edition of the book momo
www.freebase.com/m/01_rvj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z26v	where in england was rik mayall's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4mdr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what is the cvg genre of jurassic park iii: the dna factor
www.freebase.com/m/0jv6q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/0349s	in which language was the last temptation of christ originally written 
www.freebase.com/m/0289jd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/0c0xr	what form of music is symphony no. 36
www.freebase.com/m/01nb7tw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what types of music is family style
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxl2	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	what genre of music is hot mix radio - disco funk in?
www.freebase.com/m/0865xp	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/042kg	Who is the famous father of jack carter
www.freebase.com/m/03g77vy	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What kind of album is alfie?
www.freebase.com/m/02ph9tm	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/017s11	which company produced the film you dont mess with the zohan
www.freebase.com/m/09fptc	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0mkg	which instrument does amapola cabase play?
www.freebase.com/m/02z0dp1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats the original language for the book  ug
www.freebase.com/m/03wj6n7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0416px	which band made on earth to make the numbers up
www.freebase.com/m/01k0p4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j38sxq	Who's a defensive midfielder born in state of palestine
www.freebase.com/m/0chvfv9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of karl-heinz k√§fer?
www.freebase.com/m/02x2b8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of louise latimer?
www.freebase.com/m/09v87g6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	where was harold gore's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv3jx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/0ksgj	what is nasalasalt all-natural seawater formulated from?
www.freebase.com/m/089_x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w5ycx	what book is about the 20th century
www.freebase.com/m/04b5zb_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f80hy	which forest is fires creek in
www.freebase.com/m/04y74zq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was magic man made for
www.freebase.com/m/0hz6q1j	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09889g	who directed michael jackson: number ones 
www.freebase.com/m/044_2l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country from which james c. dobbin nationality is derived
www.freebase.com/m/01prdc	www.freebase.com/business/company_type/companies_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/03cgy2t	what company is known as limited liability company
www.freebase.com/m/0gyy53	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/02mxbd	who did the costume design for the film  the other boleyn girl
www.freebase.com/m/0641st7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01xq6v	Who is the artist of the album early music?
www.freebase.com/m/04wd0qg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of music is how to abduct a highland lord 
www.freebase.com/m/0dnvn3	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01qg7c	Who produced the ladykillers?
www.freebase.com/m/03cs22p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is ricardo delgado male of female
www.freebase.com/m/03mbnpn	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06tw8	What is a basin country that jur river flows through
www.freebase.com/m/04q6ldb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0pwf4	Which movie did a time to love and a time to die direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0yjftj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033lkl2	What the name of the release that sweet home chicago (backing track) is from
www.freebase.com/m/0521nx3	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xmx7j	Name a book published by kessinger publishing.
www.freebase.com/m/02z417b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is constantinos mina gender
www.freebase.com/m/07sw6b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is cheryl hickey's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0707gt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	on netflix, which categories does dragon ball z: the history of trunks fall into
www.freebase.com/m/0jmqcpr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is fragments: the incomplete films of peter de rome from?
www.freebase.com/m/0zbg860	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is john paul rice
www.freebase.com/m/0jwn58	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	what killed tom held
www.freebase.com/m/05p8zrm	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k021	Who is the artist off the album battle for the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0v43mj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mrwv02	what is a track on way of life
www.freebase.com/m/09z5nn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081mh	where in the united states is cheat mountain located in?
www.freebase.com/m/020b_wc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the town stateline
www.freebase.com/m/04w6c1v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/08b3m	What is the time period in the book horace chase?
www.freebase.com/m/0jw25	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where was pierre samuel du pont de nemours' place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvm31	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	the invisible is what type of album?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds6sd6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What kind of music is dirty work
www.freebase.com/m/0bf_n_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of book is the graveyard shift?
www.freebase.com/m/04trkr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01s10l	where did archie maclaren pass away
www.freebase.com/m/01n86n7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what type of music is bravebird
www.freebase.com/m/04xdzlc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	what is the subject of freedom walkers
www.freebase.com/m/01k0677	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what is the content in a live album
www.freebase.com/m/01h9556	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	Which genre of music is off the album the very best of yanni
www.freebase.com/m/0cs48hp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03hkp	which language is spoken in voices from el-sayed
www.freebase.com/m/0_j9f64	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is written in as the crow flies
www.freebase.com/m/01cf4dm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wmgpv	who recorded mona lisa
www.freebase.com/m/027p1_v	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	what netflix genre is tempest?
www.freebase.com/m/04lf28n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d7_n	Where was yuriy furta birthed
www.freebase.com/m/0c7lby5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0c475q3	what book is from brittany
www.freebase.com/m/022n6t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gjj9sw	Which Italian music composer was born in gaeta?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkzys8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does karsten smith play
www.freebase.com/m/02hx6rh	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	Where is teme language spoken 
www.freebase.com/m/0gx_vfq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ville v√§nni's gender
www.freebase.com/m/05q96q6	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/09k0tsk	who was the film art director for the film robin hood
www.freebase.com/m/06zjz2g	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0459q4	what language is used for the tv program a bride for a ride
www.freebase.com/m/0q1tbvj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	which city was roy cooper born in 
www.freebase.com/m/0t5d_8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/04zwjd	Who was a parent of frances schifrin
www.freebase.com/m/0qlxnj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lkxpfy	what track is from the recording  bimini
www.freebase.com/m/0x1cczg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	what type of character is bernard
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0d7dwf	what is the name of a single-player game
www.freebase.com/m/0crst6v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country released gintama: the movie
www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/026kj32	Which cyclone affected south korea
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bgk3_m	what is a spanish language title on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0j_19p	www.freebase.com/film/film_casting_director/films_casting_directed	www.freebase.com/m/04ycptv	What film did mary vernieu cast?
www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/07w93h	Who was a first baseman in the MLB
www.freebase.com/m/0g8ptl0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	What is the language of the film  home is where you find it?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd1ff	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the film kalyug
www.freebase.com/m/02r7hnq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of tv show is canterbury's law
www.freebase.com/m/0dnn01	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what denomination does haya rashed al-khalifa practice
www.freebase.com/m/0h_gjdl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is greg townsend jr. from
www.freebase.com/m/0q9wjlt	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nn404v	What album was dead man released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0fb472f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fg6m02	which releases contain the recording fever?
www.freebase.com/m/01x6_p	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/045zvcv	what radio station did  ernest tubb appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0zm2wf2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03j0f99	who composed beneath the howling stars
www.freebase.com/m/01mt0dh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/045nn5	who is the artist on the album say it like you mean it
www.freebase.com/m/0cc5jj	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what place was founded by storm model management
www.freebase.com/m/01smnw	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/01jpkbl	What is the soundtrack album for the movie the great mouse detective
www.freebase.com/m/02rnrm9	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01f2f8	What italian writer is credited on the church?
www.freebase.com/m/0q8fvq9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is radio from?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_vtb	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0gj27	Who is the subject of the movie cleopatra
www.freebase.com/m/04w2tx_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01gfqh	what is the subject of the book the free men
www.freebase.com/m/0mbd2qv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dtrp0c	Name a track from vincent van gogh.
www.freebase.com/m/0f59781	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f346r	Who is the artist that released the album karma?
www.freebase.com/m/02q8z1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0ldpy	what was the outsiders written about
www.freebase.com/m/0g4qz7m	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/rank	www.freebase.com/m/0cgx5cd	What was weaselfur's ranking?
www.freebase.com/m/0dyd_f2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album was punkreas live
www.freebase.com/m/04p81n	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0_w3mn5	what is the title of an artwork by sebastiano del piombo
www.freebase.com/m/02q4tsw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0lcd	Where is mont maudit located
www.freebase.com/m/064sf6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	Where is the north canadian river located at?
www.freebase.com/m/01qhq	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04ts9tz	what book is by colin dexter?
www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0dy821	what game is a platform game?
www.freebase.com/m/01236p	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0960m	Who did zeno of elea influence
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01svsq	What's a fiction book released in 1994
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/026x156	what's a second level division in brazil
www.freebase.com/m/0sxrz	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/participating_countries	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Who participated in the 1920 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/02dz9q	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	What instrument does sass jordan play?
www.freebase.com/m/05vxc9	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/first_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	which country contains valencian community
www.freebase.com/m/02rfpsy	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0h23h1	which fictional character did paul ryan create
www.freebase.com/m/0b921t	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jt9vc	who produced miss potter?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9xwr9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	what kind of music is on the album on a mission?
www.freebase.com/m/095m74	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0sd1_	where is smoking popes from
www.freebase.com/m/09x8wh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	which genre does ready, steady, charlie! follow
www.freebase.com/m/049_cyj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0njnz	what county is plymouth in
www.freebase.com/m/04n3rxy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country does mike altieri represent
www.freebase.com/m/0czxl0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is tintin in tibet 
www.freebase.com/m/0c753_y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was le toasteur filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_scope/organizations_with_this_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0c1pvp1	whats an example of a non profit organization from india
www.freebase.com/m/0kv4sv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the netflix genre of the film  three came home
www.freebase.com/m/01vvqd_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What type of music does paul kendall create
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03qmb0v	Which municipality is located in brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/0lm0z1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01rrnhp	Who produced the song poison arrows
www.freebase.com/m/07crf5	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0hwss_7	who is jack carson's child?
www.freebase.com/m/0y74bkl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is samantha zweben's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxnpmy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0152k3	what makes halls breezers sugar free cool berry work
www.freebase.com/m/09t861	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What country is yvonne ryding from?
www.freebase.com/m/0jzjq	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/09f2r2	what is the event that took place at transvaal province?
www.freebase.com/m/04b9r8d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	dummoor is a city in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4k8b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What was the original language that genevieve was written in
www.freebase.com/m/0ds88pm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0snb3zk	what is a track included in brandon mccartney's work
www.freebase.com/m/04wh6j4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	what is the topic of england and spain or valour and patriotism?
www.freebase.com/m/02tvcg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	Who is the lyricist behind the composition supercalifragilisticexpialidocious?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl949l	what romance film was released in 1950
www.freebase.com/m/03kts	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/013g_0j	what is the name of the track by harry connick, jr. that is named after a holiday
www.freebase.com/m/0404gv9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k5p1	Where in europe was barbara hicks born
www.freebase.com/m/0jxps04	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of betamethasone valerate 1.2 cream?
www.freebase.com/m/05csxm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ggh3	where did tillie k. fowler die?
www.freebase.com/m/047vnkj	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0587vh	what subject is portrayed in 2012
www.freebase.com/m/06vdk2	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02wszf	what baseball position does phil garner play
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bs642k	who is an Italian midfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/0d9c308	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country made film perduto
www.freebase.com/m/0dm43_y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02z0j	Where was christoph grimm born?
www.freebase.com/m/0fp7cy	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position is anthony barry known for
www.freebase.com/m/0c38gj	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05cg80_	Who produced blood diamond
www.freebase.com/m/0g5qs2k	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/0154l8	what was snow white and the huntsman adapted from?
www.freebase.com/m/0cnxqxj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is otto nagel
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mz41	which guitarist is represented by columbia records?
www.freebase.com/m/01nmvtl	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	timothy b. schmit plays what instrument?
www.freebase.com/m/04qbr05	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country does the ellice river run through
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04_5cdy	What's a crime fiction film released in 2008
www.freebase.com/m/0288l5_	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does horst heldt play 
www.freebase.com/m/0gfg42n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/012qtq	what topic does rebels in hell talks about
www.freebase.com/m/0h5qlrq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gjcy	what city was john santos born
www.freebase.com/m/05fc57m	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9_0	Name a drug used to treat Unstable Angina.
www.freebase.com/m/027t1rb	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/product/stage_of_development	www.freebase.com/m/04dwr9y	What product stage is pertuzumab in?
www.freebase.com/m/075g_k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0kh3	how did david hallifax die
www.freebase.com/m/0rf665p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q5tnt0	what is the name of the album with the track closer
www.freebase.com/m/03hj_xt	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0gwhhmb	what film did the irish film board produce 
www.freebase.com/m/059crjq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/045jj	What is a subject examined in the book criminalistics
www.freebase.com/m/0dm37c4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	Where was alfredo zacarias born?
www.freebase.com/m/02rzzj5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what european country is fanny straw hair from
www.freebase.com/m/0hz0bzq	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03ts0c	which ethnicity is helen rege
www.freebase.com/m/0lltcyz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	Which language was the film the black unicorn released in
www.freebase.com/m/0b6lvk2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	which state is cordoba university located in
www.freebase.com/m/01wf90c	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what instrument did horace panter play
www.freebase.com/m/01rvlb	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05mgnz	what's the title of a science fantasy book
www.freebase.com/m/02xyl	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/07qrpz	who influenced frank herbert
www.freebase.com/m/0bdxs5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/07bch9	what is miley cyrus' ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/03fhmv2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ns0jc	what's one of the songs released on believers
www.freebase.com/m/05m__yq	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colleges_and_universities	www.freebase.com/m/0220q6	which college has a alpha tau omega chapter 
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ds_sm	what is the name of a science fiction film
www.freebase.com/m/03c4xcz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/052hl	who created the fictional character carmen ghia
www.freebase.com/m/0gl6px	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does marco biazzi play 
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/04zz68v	Who plays the drum kit?
www.freebase.com/m/076ykdv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	What is milan vilotiƒá's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/080b0tx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender does joseph satoshi fukahori belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0l2wfv_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/01f2xk	Who was the program creator of the program baby hospital
www.freebase.com/m/05f46	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hw_4w	Name a language that is based off of niger‚Äìcongo languages.
www.freebase.com/m/04dz7nf	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/034z2h	what is andy bowen's weight division?
www.freebase.com/m/027pcsh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	What type of music is on the album greatest hits - history volume i
www.freebase.com/m/0crx26t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of film is love in high gear
www.freebase.com/m/0dnthw2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where was sweet talk your enemies released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0lmht5c	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038bjl2	which song is part of mexico
www.freebase.com/m/03y3dk	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02qnjl2	what film was produced by carlo ponti?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3j36k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mfsdfz	what is a song from tucson
www.freebase.com/m/0_jndw2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is don't be scared
www.freebase.com/m/06t8b	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0fh694	what movie is produced by steven soderbergh
www.freebase.com/m/0313nc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzt5	who is the creator of the film character petra arkanian
www.freebase.com/m/04bcwn9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dj7p	what county is sand hill in
www.freebase.com/m/029nmk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04wlh	in what country is tete, mozambique
www.freebase.com/m/03g574	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04s2z	what is joseph moxon's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0j24b7h	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/069qh6	Where did manny pacquiao vs. timothy bradley take place?
www.freebase.com/m/06q_h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/rank	www.freebase.com/m/0hfq_	what is the rank of kathryn janeway
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw37d	what american animation movie is family film
www.freebase.com/m/04t3bl4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09p_m	what has anthony burns written about
www.freebase.com/m/027wggb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05xd8x	who directed the film ram lakhan
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0h1fhcr	who performs heavy metal  music
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cbkjk	Name a romance genre flim
www.freebase.com/m/04jdf3k	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position is fernando ribeiro fernandes charged of
www.freebase.com/m/0x048wk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What type of film is redirected?
www.freebase.com/m/05h4b4p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	which european nationality does henryk borowski belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0py265w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jxtkn	Which artist recorded somethin' slick!?
www.freebase.com/m/05pn3c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	whats the netflix genre of the film the mirror crack'd
www.freebase.com/m/0jbb6h3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/083dgs	who was the lyricist for open
www.freebase.com/m/0thlnf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vv7sc	Who recorded the song natural blues (single version)?
www.freebase.com/m/01795t	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0n9qk	what movie is produced by walt disney pictures
www.freebase.com/m/01l6qd5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l6qfs	what artist released buffalo gals stampede?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03ygq_v	What's an example of a asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/04csj7h	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hxc1	what is the profession of aaron pointer?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1949	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of object is 34419 corning?
www.freebase.com/m/03036x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0853g	where is tom larkin from?
www.freebase.com/m/04wd5qr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07jq_	what is the 9/11 commission report about 
www.freebase.com/m/03jfz3d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	What kind of music is the album this is england
www.freebase.com/m/03gby68	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01thn	Name an artist from radioio 80s pop.
www.freebase.com/m/027v8kw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is mlvti in
www.freebase.com/m/013g67_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kfw9y	who is the performer of miami
www.freebase.com/m/0dyl9	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/05h8kth	what neighborhood is found in milwaukee
www.freebase.com/m/02bn75	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/09v0t2y	which file did alex north write music for?
www.freebase.com/m/0f7205_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j71	where was copenhagen released 
www.freebase.com/m/0w16p2g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	what kind of music does yoon bomi play
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02z8n59	What is the name of a football player that plays as a forward
www.freebase.com/m/01ldc1d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	what is the genre of the exit
www.freebase.com/m/02_d59	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	What is the geographical scope of histadrut 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtppl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01hv9c	What is an active ingredient found in botrytis cinerea 40000 injectable solution?
www.freebase.com/m/057zcs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01c7y	what language was used for the golden fortress
www.freebase.com/m/0lrfq5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017xm3	who was the artist for let her fly
www.freebase.com/m/065y440	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0l178	where did joe smith die
www.freebase.com/m/0gyc2c	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what belief does larry zeidel belong to
www.freebase.com/m/06_5hr8	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	What support was the artwork the residence of david twining done on
www.freebase.com/m/0nmsj2d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0qhtzs8	What is a song from 1984 album
www.freebase.com/m/01_wfj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bt7w	what kind of music does porcupine tree make?
www.freebase.com/m/03d5_ks	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	what is carl barzilauskas famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0sjy9_c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the album content type of moanin' and stompin' blues?
www.freebase.com/m/08b8s_	www.freebase.com/base/morelaw/canadian_judge/court	www.freebase.com/m/0x2jd	what court does louis lebel reside over?
www.freebase.com/m/0n57k_h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	pilots are usually the first of what kind of program?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crth9x	what is a documentary film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/06_xc54	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is the gameplay mode of the sims 3: world adventures
www.freebase.com/m/0gy9yqc	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06fyd3	Who was the executive producer of the film powers
www.freebase.com/m/02z1t6l	www.freebase.com/boats/ship/ship_class	www.freebase.com/m/02m8zc	in what category is hms e56 located
www.freebase.com/m/0gyzwv	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0py4rzf	which movie did a. r. murugadoss direct 
www.freebase.com/m/0crrsgr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre is the film time to pay?
www.freebase.com/m/02hz0m6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02k76zt	who is jay gatsby's father 
www.freebase.com/m/03zr83	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01965g	where is universit√© du qu√©bec √† chicoutimi located at?
www.freebase.com/m/02pkdly	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/0jm_	what kind of sports team is houston cougars football
www.freebase.com/m/05zlj4w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	Which country is the film sjors en sjimmie en de gorilla from
www.freebase.com/m/04kl74p	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs3lh	what is the active ingredient in alpha-tocopherol
www.freebase.com/m/02hxy9p	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/05nrg	Which region can you find people that speak the merei language
www.freebase.com/m/05srqg	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	what place did the pennsylvania state police found
www.freebase.com/m/05b67gw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0gh2kvy	Name the title of an episode from the show ray mears world of survival
www.freebase.com/m/02nygk	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/027phcd	What film did bob kane contribute to?
www.freebase.com/m/03xn8dc	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0qs2fp6	What is a composition by gus kahn?
www.freebase.com/m/04zp6d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_77lg	what is fred shuttlesworth most known for
www.freebase.com/m/04wh6vd	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is virtually perfect
www.freebase.com/m/01j3bfr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of album is pure
www.freebase.com/m/09gcfst	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what style of music does mariella farr√© sign
www.freebase.com/m/068dhk	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	which religion does nayef bin abdul-aziz al saud follow?
www.freebase.com/m/0nd4rc1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of Glenn Robinson III?
www.freebase.com/m/01jln	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what type of music does barƒ±≈ü man√ßo play
www.freebase.com/m/023ls	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05yxcqj	What is cola a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/02q1pzx	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05b3ts	what position did doug evans play?
www.freebase.com/m/01rmdhm	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02x6dqb	What is a film that charles strouse contributed music for?
www.freebase.com/m/02qfqky	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/02qhz0d	What's a school part of roanoke city public schools
www.freebase.com/m/04n3br3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0159g9	where was eduard boltrushevich born
www.freebase.com/m/0y9v00w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0y90m10	What is the track that samsara is a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/01s9cpn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/098p0r	What is record label of the artist o√∂phoi
www.freebase.com/m/0nnvz9j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0ggjt	what artist created like a rolling stone
www.freebase.com/m/04w384j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what is the topic of the written piece making gay history
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01qcwyd	what is the name of a musician from france
www.freebase.com/m/05lm2hk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	What type of painting is the view of valkhof at nijmegen
www.freebase.com/m/0hvvf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What genre is the Bonnie and Clyde film?
www.freebase.com/m/05s_nq9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was mike's murder filmed
www.freebase.com/m/04sggr	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/focus_city_for	www.freebase.com/m/014vt3	which airline travels through afonso pena international airport
www.freebase.com/m/0cs5l9k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	which genre does solitude belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03y1ggk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of space object is 20553 donaldhowk
www.freebase.com/m/04qbb4k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/012gg6	Where did haim amsalem begin his life?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03ytt3	which famous person was born in france
www.freebase.com/m/0d823	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/royal_line	www.freebase.com/m/0gtz6	What royal line does francis i of france come from?
www.freebase.com/m/04mzy_n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0295r	whats the language for the film  fr√∏ken kirkemus
www.freebase.com/m/027cr0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0104lr	which city was james brown born
www.freebase.com/m/03g062k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mhfr	What type of album is deliverin in?
www.freebase.com/m/0494yv	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_kcblr	What song did john butler write?
www.freebase.com/m/0q8jc_f	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	how was love and theft\\" released 
www.freebase.com/m/01tt43d	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0222qb	which type of people does roberto benigni belong to
www.freebase.com/m/017dw4	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0glqw0c	which film did christopher mcquarrie write
www.freebase.com/m/0169wd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfw7h	What is content recorded by the delfonics?
www.freebase.com/m/02x5lpc	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q6smg	what's the name of a piece by charles arnoldi
www.freebase.com/m/0b3sfy	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01smkl7	who is signed with myspace records
www.freebase.com/m/0j6w5wn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is scott walker's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01gb54	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/09g8vhw	what film is produced by dreamworks?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/035sfs	Name a screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/04080xl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	which genre does every avenue work under
www.freebase.com/m/030txpf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014x913	what song is from the bad education album
www.freebase.com/m/0_kdx23	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03h_fqv	who wrote the lyrics for the ocean doesnt want me
www.freebase.com/m/0x1xvcz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is the occupation of mine mutlu
www.freebase.com/m/0wp_lwt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is antonio pagudo?
www.freebase.com/m/0bg8z1c	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the film love hurts in 
www.freebase.com/m/02019b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/020w40	what was richard haldane, 1st viscount haldanes place of death
www.freebase.com/m/03xw_ts	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was here it is released
www.freebase.com/m/0dn4scb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/07hqs0	What's a song from all about us
www.freebase.com/m/014kgk	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02pgy6r	who was the child of nefertari
www.freebase.com/m/03qqxtr	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of art form is gifts for j.\\"?
www.freebase.com/m/01kht89	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music is the album intercontinental
www.freebase.com/m/018jsn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	What time zone is lillestr√∏m located in
www.freebase.com/m/03gtrzt	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/01hld8	who was in charge of costume design in why change your wife??
www.freebase.com/m/06w9yq	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/02fgvz	What region does king fahd international airport serve?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gvvqx6	What is the name of a lgbt film?
www.freebase.com/m/0mbf4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0jyfds	Name someone who was born in kitchener, ontario
www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/02vvmf7	which game is racing game
www.freebase.com/m/0d1b5n8	www.freebase.com/base/adultentertainment/adult_media/sexual_fetishes_portrayed	www.freebase.com/m/04vfzn	What is a sexual fetish portrayed in the film inseminated by 2 black men 7?
www.freebase.com/m/01vy_v8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/07ly4mc	What's a television episode that frank oz has directed
www.freebase.com/m/0gjdkm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g4510	what football player was born in san giovanni bianco
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/07zps6	Who is an artist that plays psychedelic rock
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0909wd	whats an example of a public university
www.freebase.com/m/0774tbx	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/09j_g	WHo published mindshadow
www.freebase.com/m/0djj9j	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0286941	Who was the director of the film titled the climax
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0zwq9vl	Name a famous film director
www.freebase.com/m/0cgr4zy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city was elisabeth nunziato born in?
www.freebase.com/m/01p95y0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02g9p4	what does brian jones play
www.freebase.com/m/0x2g942	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is urmi chakraborty's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/097rmw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0p19t	which english band has peaceville records as their record label?
www.freebase.com/m/0l_tn	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/01z1w3s	Where is the matanuska-susitna borough located? 
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b6ztrj	What is the name of a 1952 adventure film?
www.freebase.com/m/084m3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nln8pl	what track did william shatner release 
www.freebase.com/m/06xzjp	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/061vb4	fumihiko maki designed what structure
www.freebase.com/m/0zglx_j	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/performed_at	www.freebase.com/m/0bp1lb	Where in berlin was cascando performed at?
www.freebase.com/m/04jpcl	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	which world war did gerald robert osullivan fight in
www.freebase.com/m/0hppxqr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	Which genre is the artist the vandermark 5 associated with
www.freebase.com/m/02q2gns	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	what is discussed in the show market wrap
www.freebase.com/m/0wf37_m	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what album content type is the album kilichundan mampazham?
www.freebase.com/m/0557q	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_genre/plays_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/028bv20	Which play is a musical theatre play?
www.freebase.com/m/02q71bt	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	What type of video game is last resort?
www.freebase.com/m/085xh	www.freebase.com/theater/play/soundtracks	www.freebase.com/m/0f3jrx6	What is the name of the soundtrack for the west side story
www.freebase.com/m/02hv3s	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	What is a color of the alpha gamma delta fraternity 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrns2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	What is the drug category of miller moth?
www.freebase.com/m/02pxtps	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0brr_f	What author wrote the book "What Would Joey Do?"?
www.freebase.com/m/010cv9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/019wxs	what musician was born in garfield
www.freebase.com/m/04cv821	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was tracey ullman: live and exposed from?
www.freebase.com/m/0b1s5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07scx	What is the subject of the cathedral and the bazaar
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0vsnsgq	Name a dance-pop album.
www.freebase.com/m/01l3yty	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is glory to the brave
www.freebase.com/m/0dwfmz1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f1gd_2	What is a track on big shiny tunes 12?
www.freebase.com/m/0f1g6p_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is fantasia's greatest achievement?
www.freebase.com/m/0249r8h	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is a night at the village vanguard, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/06ywtl	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/0262zwf	which organization is for medical research
www.freebase.com/m/01b2wm4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02nfjp	who produced dad, i'm back
www.freebase.com/m/04w6fx0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0bmcp	What subject is the book erotic massage about
www.freebase.com/m/025z19v	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_subject	www.freebase.com/m/022hy	what kind of craft does mond crucifixion present
www.freebase.com/m/05whnfw	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0qzs0jn	who is clifford odets's child?
www.freebase.com/m/082kdj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/015cj9	where did conel hugh o'donel alexander take his last breath
www.freebase.com/m/080n48p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What kind of a film is secrets of an actress?
www.freebase.com/m/04yhct9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what city did henry gellibrand pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/0ggtg1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	in what latin country is colombo located
www.freebase.com/m/0q1wf5g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	Where is mario dragunsky from
www.freebase.com/m/0jztyt9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what is the genre of the film edge of night
www.freebase.com/m/04j2r3q	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	Which genre is the film down and out with the dolls from
www.freebase.com/m/0wc_pnj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what form is the complete studio albums 1970-1990
www.freebase.com/m/034647k	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of the release ravermeister, volume 9?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlp_3z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	what is christian gartner's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0d07m1	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02rjvmc	What's a book written by john reynolds gardiner
www.freebase.com/m/0yn13	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/038xsf	whats a tourist destination in  medora
www.freebase.com/m/07pfp5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is cedric yarbrough's ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0d8j51	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/07f1x	which country contains the lopburi river
www.freebase.com/m/026tgjz	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/01n2wc	what west air's hub
www.freebase.com/m/0gbyjbv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is miguel martinez's profession
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03wg68v	Who was born in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j315h	what is a vampire show on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyjf4v	www.freebase.com/film/film_series/films_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/02fqrf	what was the title of the first movie of the batman film series
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jwv1gn	what's a silent film from germany
www.freebase.com/m/0gcc_yn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	Where did zora bo≈æinov√° die
www.freebase.com/m/01vpxm	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/01ln7k	What's a movie that credits willy pogany as the director
www.freebase.com/m/04wbv60	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	what is the subject for the book c for dummies
www.freebase.com/m/059kh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01tfn76	who created new wave music
www.freebase.com/m/026z9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01vphb8	which artist plays the disco genre
www.freebase.com/m/07mznz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what is the genre for the book  players
www.freebase.com/m/01qyxf9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jmtrp	who released willies blues?
www.freebase.com/m/07fdfr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_division/teams	www.freebase.com/m/01ync	what team is on the national league west division?
www.freebase.com/m/04jc9m0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type of music does kati kov√°cs perform 
www.freebase.com/m/0djs1g9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cp6w	where was liliane gerenstein born 
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01sttz	Name a famous Australian singer known for pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/02bqy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/newspaper	www.freebase.com/m/03s48y	What is the newspaper of dartmouth college
www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08krj1	Name a place in st. louis.
www.freebase.com/m/0crcxjw	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country does securitymetrics serve
www.freebase.com/m/026m9d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What profession is ramakrishna known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0cqtkgm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of computer software protection?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09x5gl	what is the name of a live album
www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0czrp2	Who was born in mexico city
www.freebase.com/m/0fwm210	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g3w2r5	What album features the recording new orleans
www.freebase.com/m/02vp6yp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	the work our angry earth was based on what subject
www.freebase.com/m/03wm8_5	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	What genre is the broadcast canine campus
www.freebase.com/m/01271h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02nddq	Which label signed trent reznor
www.freebase.com/m/08n_7w0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	what genre of film is curtain call at cactus creek in?
www.freebase.com/m/07s3m5d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music is evermore?
www.freebase.com/m/02pjhh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what did john tory do for a profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04sq25	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fn5r	what location is where ken barrington died
www.freebase.com/m/07cfrz6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is poochini's yard from?
www.freebase.com/m/02l4h0	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/04q3y8	whats a lower classification of  alpinia
www.freebase.com/m/01kj0z9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/043g7l	what is sony music entertainment aaron carter's label?
www.freebase.com/m/02x5hhk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dztt	where was tommy breen born?
www.freebase.com/m/0vbsm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	what state is riga township located in?
www.freebase.com/m/03h5h_q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0824r	where is the schoonmaker reef located?
www.freebase.com/m/0271q4_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0172rj	which musical style does wretched fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/01q5nl8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qgthl	Who is the artist that produced the album sheila 1975-1992
www.freebase.com/m/01m78th	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the ultimate collection (disc 2) released
www.freebase.com/m/043l2sp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was bernadette strachan born in Europe?
www.freebase.com/m/0dx5nx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/06xx1vt	what episode is in larry doyle's portfolio 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsvsc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is hops 0.05 injectable solution administered?
www.freebase.com/m/0mrs1	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0101fv	What is a city within fort bend county, texas?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01k45sp	Name an indie rock artist. 
www.freebase.com/m/0f3ghy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is howard storm's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0403r9t	what is a lee child book about espionage
www.freebase.com/m/02tjsw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0np44h2	what is an album made by percy sledge
www.freebase.com/m/0p7w5	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0frh6c	who died from asphyxia?
www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0128ps	Name a place in the second level divisions of denmark
www.freebase.com/m/0d9z_y	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cxnq2	who is a man born in texarkana
www.freebase.com/m/08hj71	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	What kind of a school is mcgill-toolen catholic high school
www.freebase.com/m/03r3zt	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04q0x4	who founded abkco records
www.freebase.com/m/01vvj8y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cdbq	Where was eduards veidenbaums deceased?
www.freebase.com/m/03fnz0y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m4pjbq	whats a track off of the release block control e.p.
www.freebase.com/m/05svgv	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/0cdn1	what food does billy goat tavern serve 
www.freebase.com/m/01_6hg	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/0fyv9w	what restaurant serves delicatessen food?
www.freebase.com/m/0h4qjrr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where was  emily barlow born
www.freebase.com/m/0l1spn	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fbqr82	what is a song version from massachusetts? 
www.freebase.com/m/0f1z4p	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	whats a location shown in the movie  the master
www.freebase.com/m/0gvqx3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is carole shorenstein hays's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07vyjbt	What is the name of a famous novelist writer?
www.freebase.com/m/0y704mm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	Where was romeo at juliet released?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt033	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What type of drug is gemcitabine
www.freebase.com/m/0bxl7fg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what country is asko sarkola from
www.freebase.com/m/0ch21zs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	What type of music was made by reno kiilerich
www.freebase.com/m/0136w1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0566hb	what is an island in marquesas islands?
www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/05_5_1l	Name a location in Europe
www.freebase.com/m/01sjf_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What profession did madita have?
www.freebase.com/m/0fttvqf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqnwwy	whats the name of a track from the lady killer
www.freebase.com/m/0c1s_12	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is scott weber associated with
www.freebase.com/m/029yb1	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does John Farnham play?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j53szm	what player plays as a midfielder in football
www.freebase.com/m/04v9550	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/040dv	Who is the author and editor of mansfield park (large print edition)
www.freebase.com/m/0cbvg	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/029_9p	Who was involved in the napoleonic wars?
www.freebase.com/m/07024	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01gb54	which production company produced the film saving private ryan?
www.freebase.com/m/026zd7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what nationality is marcos t√©bar 
www.freebase.com/m/0gccx0c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is scott rudolph from
www.freebase.com/m/047lxbr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where was fabrice lachant's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/07yndcv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is leonard proxauf's gender
www.freebase.com/m/02q2krh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country is magome togoshi from
www.freebase.com/m/0486x34	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country is floral
www.freebase.com/m/025t11d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01jmpf	Where is andhra university college of engineering located
www.freebase.com/m/017fx5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crwv7g	what imax flms are on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfryg4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is elizabeth mims most known for
www.freebase.com/m/0d6ylh	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/04yf_	What body of water does omaha road bridge number 15 pass over
www.freebase.com/m/03cp602	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	What genre is raped by an angel on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04wbdyc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	What is the subject of northwoods wildlife?
www.freebase.com/m/04t3ykr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018jz	what is the topic of memories of summer
www.freebase.com/m/0cq6cg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	is big kahuna words a single-player or multiplayer game
www.freebase.com/m/0dm393h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What is tom parkinson's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3f56	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of william hamley?
www.freebase.com/m/01p_r3w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rh95cf	what track is by bryan sutton?
www.freebase.com/m/016fpx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/prequel	www.freebase.com/m/073xh	what is the prequel to simcity 2000
www.freebase.com/m/06vf_w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5tfj	What Netflix category does macao fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/02rqwbs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of ekathotsarot
www.freebase.com/m/08rmkd	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what position did karon riley play?
www.freebase.com/m/010dk_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	what time zone is trenton located in?
www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	www.freebase.com/internet/website_category/sites	www.freebase.com/m/0bx8g86	which website contains news
www.freebase.com/m/04dbf7j	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/028jm0	what is the platform of the game tom clancys endwar?
www.freebase.com/m/0y1m_b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kb2dp	who was the artist that recorded ride of the redlegs
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04_05r1	What's the name of a studio album by DJ Drama
www.freebase.com/m/0gb8c	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/09lc9	What's the taxonomic rank of aconitum
www.freebase.com/m/0pmxyd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is stay
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04zvmx5	what is the name of an album by Koda Kumi
www.freebase.com/m/05p51wv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	what music genre is the atomized dream 
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0xhc6	Name a city in the United States.
www.freebase.com/m/04wjgf1	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/supported_storage_types	www.freebase.com/m/01z76m	what type of storage does canon powershot a1000 is support?
www.freebase.com/m/04z_xyl	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which war did klaus-degenhard schmidt attned
www.freebase.com/m/0f5r9k	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/020xn5	what does david wiesner do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0bwj0sl	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/046k63	Who was the manufacturer of the ride sea viper?
www.freebase.com/m/04xkw7f	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/08w9d3	Who is the author editor of natural acts?
www.freebase.com/m/024s3v	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/state	www.freebase.com/m/0vbk	what state is john boozman a us representative for
www.freebase.com/m/0569m2g	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is christmas with the chipmunks, vol. 2
www.freebase.com/m/044zy	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	what religion does julian practice
www.freebase.com/m/0491gzk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	eastwitch is a city located in what country
www.freebase.com/m/06gvf3	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/01m59	what ideology does the communist party of norway ascribe to
www.freebase.com/m/0472hcl	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	what religion does wat phutthaisawan cater to
www.freebase.com/m/0ksmzm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	what kind of music is taken by trees known for
www.freebase.com/m/016nh8m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06cc_1	who is the artist of o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/01qbr8q	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is reallive!
www.freebase.com/m/02w_7j3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is the self-titled ep beck
www.freebase.com/m/0r4yz71	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	What is Gene Taylor's birthplace?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crtcs3	what is the name of a horror netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqth34	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of childrens mucinex stuffy nose and cold
www.freebase.com/m/02465yv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02znr9	Who's featured on the album tenderness
www.freebase.com/m/03znrn	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease_cause/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/01bpld	what illness is the by product of spinal tumor
www.freebase.com/m/03qh29w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	what is sanctimony's genre
www.freebase.com/m/07s81w9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	What sort of music does bahram dehghanyar play
www.freebase.com/m/0n4lnr3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	What was the cause of carolyn kelly wallach's death?
www.freebase.com/m/048vlp	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02vznn	Who is a child of pauline vanier
www.freebase.com/m/08cb16	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/019rg5	what country is mukoma ngugi originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0_qx2rf	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what kind of art form is genevieve renson?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnrg9	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is the color of the spironolactone 25 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0bfn28j	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/022j9r	Who wrote the film kustom kar kommandos
www.freebase.com/m/06tlgz	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	which instrument does duke erikson play
www.freebase.com/m/01024_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is seguin in
www.freebase.com/m/027yppr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language is featured in port of call
www.freebase.com/m/04z_rp9	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	who published thrill drive 3
www.freebase.com/m/02rwn80	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/030mph	What got its name from hakaru hashimoto
www.freebase.com/m/05tbfg	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/026_fwf	Who directed the movie without you i'm nothing?
www.freebase.com/m/02fh88	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gxnt1r	What movie did jonathan davis write the score for
www.freebase.com/m/01hhj0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	Which netflix genre is the jewel in the crown categorized under
www.freebase.com/m/06zckcq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01my4f	who wrote the tv series episode under the influence 
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01ylw1	what is a science fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/01q3ph3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was rosemary's baby / the fearless vampire killers released 
www.freebase.com/m/03lpk9	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	what industry is the business  blackstone group apart of
www.freebase.com/m/02q14y9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0ckkqp	who is the author of empire of ivory?
www.freebase.com/m/0f67l81	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01mzs28	Who produced the theme from brideshead revisited
www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/011_vg	who is an artist that performs glam metal 
www.freebase.com/m/064m95n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language was kamikaze 1989 filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/09kfm5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	what kind of music is featured on the album wild. club'in
www.freebase.com/m/04whjnm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	What is the genre of the book medieval culture and society
www.freebase.com/m/01n27mf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of album was the legend of blind willie mctell?
www.freebase.com/m/04cys4l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bcfy	what musical genre is  syr8: andre sider af sonic youth
www.freebase.com/m/0b4cpt_	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dllskp	who directed so evil my love
www.freebase.com/m/01qhbj3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01wdtv	is orpheus signed to mgm records or capital records
www.freebase.com/m/0np78gl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/054075	What artist released the album gold?
www.freebase.com/m/02g5v2	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0kz3w73	what games has ea digital illusions ce developed
www.freebase.com/m/07k5twz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of shan serafin?
www.freebase.com/m/0wkvw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	which state is eldorado township in?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fq1xqk	what is the title of a film that is a horror movie
www.freebase.com/m/02ps91f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what nationality is karin svensson smith
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrjg3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	what drug category is yellow pine 40000 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/0dmgdhm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what genre of music does la sarita produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyvrz3	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01ld4n	what religion did william f. slocum practice
www.freebase.com/m/0147sqq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01s0scx	who released the recording africa
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j42t3r	who plays defender position for AEP Paphos F.C.?
www.freebase.com/m/01m1_t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gmsgy	Who was born in new britain?
www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0498qzf	What's a city in maryland
www.freebase.com/m/0bftgq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/07cfw1r	What is a program that leonard b. stern created?
www.freebase.com/m/02hx067	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/07c5l	Which region is jakalteko, western language located in
www.freebase.com/m/03xpqm1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is Eric Gosselin's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0j1cs7m	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/based_on	www.freebase.com/m/045dbt	which fictional character was based on bob gaudio
www.freebase.com/m/0cq229b	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/01ly7z	what movie is classified as a foreign film
www.freebase.com/m/0828sg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what is theta andromedae
www.freebase.com/m/04q9mqx	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does kim hyeung-bum play 
www.freebase.com/m/0148d	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/01300z	who was an anti-communism activist?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf1tr8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02hcs	Who is the French guitarist and composer of belleville?
www.freebase.com/m/01jsj2c	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02sr_z	which artist made  giants of the big band era
www.freebase.com/m/05mt7q9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	in what form is the composition its in your eyes
www.freebase.com/m/0gc6c11	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	what is responsible for paul newlan's death
www.freebase.com/m/0462z9n	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 12611 ingres orbit
www.freebase.com/m/048nt0y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kq0q	Where is mountain ranch subdivision?
www.freebase.com/m/04w7zss	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0jjw	what subject does the intelligence of art talk about 
www.freebase.com/m/03fk8my	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mjqjk5	What is the name of a track on out of the woods?
www.freebase.com/m/01q6t8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2cd	what is the active moiety of formulation of oxybenzone
www.freebase.com/m/031vkn_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kv6nnm	What's a song off of my father and my son
www.freebase.com/m/048yl0f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nrx8	which iowa county is webster located in?
www.freebase.com/m/040h5lt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/peripherals_supported	www.freebase.com/m/044fq	What is a peripheral supported by krakout?
www.freebase.com/m/03mj1cw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music does pete briggs play
www.freebase.com/m/03f39pg	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02q1bhd	what song did  tsunku compose
www.freebase.com/m/06w8x7r	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/locale	www.freebase.com/m/021pyz	iron bridge, satu mare  is located in what city
www.freebase.com/m/01vk8z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06hryv	whats the subject of  fiasco
www.freebase.com/m/05wt639	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of robert smith
www.freebase.com/m/04191d	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/04nqm	what artist is part of german expressionism
www.freebase.com/m/05t01cv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	WHat position does juan pablo garat play
www.freebase.com/m/09py12d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02hxc3j	what is the original language of caragialeta bis
www.freebase.com/m/028ymwx	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0hkj4	What publishing company published the book the cleansing
www.freebase.com/m/03gb_v4	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015cqh	Who was the artist behind living legends music
www.freebase.com/m/0dvjpkl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mbmqqj	what is a track released from problem child
www.freebase.com/m/02128y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/029_f7	Where in devon did hannah cowley die
www.freebase.com/m/0288xtz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/05hlmz	What company developed the game gex: enter the gecko
www.freebase.com/m/0hzz_sb	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0p6vc	Name a characterfrom the book batman: the dark knight returns
www.freebase.com/m/0qftf4r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is rossy's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw0khh	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what region of the world was no, virginia... released
www.freebase.com/m/01fy35	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/06_rf9	what book is narcissa malfoy from
www.freebase.com/m/0gg4n09	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/02xkw6	Who wrote the story for the moro affair?
www.freebase.com/m/03chbm2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country is the movie dp75: tartina city from
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtr4x	What is the name of a topical drug?
www.freebase.com/m/07xnph	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre of music is the album  it was all a dream
www.freebase.com/m/05s_xj8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0mn6	What is afonso √Ålvares's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05bygwg	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01b9ck	who was the executive producer of strange triangle
www.freebase.com/m/0bs86h5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is on ricochet?
www.freebase.com/m/0102rv4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lmc72f	What track is euthanasia a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/0w23qbs	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is karyn obryan's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn31c8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	which city did leo erdody die 
www.freebase.com/m/033ttx	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/state	www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	what state is peter defazio a us representative for
www.freebase.com/m/0x10bkz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is curtis graham's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/06r8n4	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is full auto?
www.freebase.com/m/01v4lt	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge_type/bridges_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/02r3p7h	what are some examples of an arch bridge?
www.freebase.com/m/0n3m42m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cxgc	what is the place of death of john h. watson
www.freebase.com/m/0351lv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	is literature or science covered in a game of thrones
www.freebase.com/m/03wh3z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	where is isparta in 
www.freebase.com/m/0414mm1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	what nationality is jorge i. dominguez
www.freebase.com/m/0tyky_r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0tmqzzd	What is a recording of fantasy?
www.freebase.com/m/0t28x8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rclp	which artist recorded the song santa claus
www.freebase.com/m/027chwx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film terminal city ricochet in
www.freebase.com/m/054gfn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j9v_f	which album has been released by david wilcox (canadian musician)?
www.freebase.com/m/0glcfc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is dicomano in
www.freebase.com/m/0vb3ph9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is bumba available in
www.freebase.com/m/0108n8	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mq83	Which county is rancho chico located in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtgtg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what kind of drug is glatiramer acetate 20 injection
www.freebase.com/m/04b5gn3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is longview acres in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdc47	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/058xz5	What format is the station kono-fm?
www.freebase.com/m/048w_kh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nynq	what county is mount calvary located in?
www.freebase.com/m/03nx4fk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is art blakey!!!!! jazz messengers!!!!!?
www.freebase.com/m/0bk_9v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wjf	what is cai chusheng's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02plxjw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_j_z	where is al rockoff originally from
www.freebase.com/m/01vy0pq	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zkl70s	what compositions have paul raven composed?
www.freebase.com/m/02m501	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/04v7n_	In what category is mickey rourke classified? 
www.freebase.com/m/02q7jns	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	What city did lucas demare die in
www.freebase.com/m/06y57	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08q3qg	Who's a person born in sydney?
www.freebase.com/m/03d40s5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is wake the sleeper
www.freebase.com/m/0144gcm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	What is the old man?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvsrby	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0f8g3zs	What is the canonical version of hollywood
www.freebase.com/m/04c37q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jfx	Where is the antarctic ice sheet located
www.freebase.com/m/0ksbq2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0281s1	where did jay robinson die
www.freebase.com/m/04vxfb_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/060xy	pride and prejudice (oneworld classics) is an edited version of what publication?
www.freebase.com/m/04n5b9	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0d2by	whats chang apana's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0nnzg4d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/027qpwl	Who produced the recording a dj saved my life?
www.freebase.com/m/07bbc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05mxlwt	Who is from skopje
www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0r8nhdz	Who is someone that was born in stockholm
www.freebase.com/m/02vrr	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01lkbf	who is a person that died from  epilepsy
www.freebase.com/m/01p0830	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04j3h6	What is tim rose's label?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3frc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what genre is sailor moon 10 considered
www.freebase.com/m/09v9wrn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09pmkv	What nationality is k. rajagopal
www.freebase.com/m/03j7659	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was dave digs disney originally released?
www.freebase.com/m/04n09tv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017371	What genre does the everly brothers sing great country hits represent
www.freebase.com/m/0k3f6j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	Where exactly was the location of petr markov's birth
www.freebase.com/m/0jwmx7f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k3jc	where is the basketball hall of fame in the united states 
www.freebase.com/m/03cr6tc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does paul donnelly play?
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/05xrd_9	Name someone who died of cancer
www.freebase.com/m/02w7fz_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is corn
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lw6g8	what album is alternative rock
www.freebase.com/m/025dp	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/02733_0	What is captain america an adaptation of
www.freebase.com/m/02s039	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0xrzh	where is the passaic river located
www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_type/mountains_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0261w8s	whats an example of a  volcano
www.freebase.com/m/09q7rp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/04cp6m	who created temperance brennan
www.freebase.com/m/05fhm6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0np3f5y	what is a song by sly and robbie
www.freebase.com/m/02rdfgc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is brick bradford
www.freebase.com/m/015h7	www.freebase.com/base/scubadiving/ecoregion/contained_by	www.freebase.com/m/015h7	Name a sea to go scuba diving in
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/035hv2	What artist is in the Rock and Roll genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnc52	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is the country of origin of the tv show billable hours
www.freebase.com/m/0dczl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	What profession can specialize in health science
www.freebase.com/m/0ch5ft5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0kr_t	Who was the artist behind mylo xyloto
www.freebase.com/m/03gg1jd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03pvf3	who is the british pop artist that appeared in wqsr?
www.freebase.com/m/0602vk	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does floyd bannister play
www.freebase.com/m/0249ld	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/04gmyrt	who received the credits for r. d. blackmore
www.freebase.com/m/0c68z15	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03z0nc	where was hans g√ºnther van allen born 
www.freebase.com/m/02hm8bl	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01_30_	Who developed countdown to doomsday?
www.freebase.com/m/06w63jq	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bkg87	WHo did the music for the film sachch√© k√° bol-b√°l√°
www.freebase.com/m/04957sv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	which state is florence landing in 
www.freebase.com/m/05ys0wl	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/0b5n82	What is a film that was played at the 1980 berlin international film festival?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhntp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	after the truth is in what language
www.freebase.com/m/01bp5t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v3h64b	who was born in wokingham?
www.freebase.com/m/033nqh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	where was the body of daniel sickles buried
www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b67r_y	What would be a concert film
www.freebase.com/m/0f7z8_	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0pk1p	which movie is produced by robert kraft
www.freebase.com/m/0204jh	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0257h9	is the bronx high school of science a private or magnet school
www.freebase.com/m/0m75g	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/074glb	What is a place that can be found in sheffield
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr6n_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/07myjr	what is the active ingredient of sucralfate 100 suspension
www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g99zgg	Who is someone that was born in new orleans?
www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs522p	what is a 2005 musical concert film
www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kmlnn	what is the name os a hardcore punk album
www.freebase.com/m/02926kd	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	what license does porpoise touching hold
www.freebase.com/m/04wg127	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what genre is outrageous acts and everyday rebellions 
www.freebase.com/m/012mhj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03rx9	who was the author of the end of eternity
www.freebase.com/m/0bkf4	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0v4gxnt	what songs have bob marley composed?
www.freebase.com/m/06k98p	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqr9rx	what is the marketed version of methocarbamol?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1gp2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what celestial body does 4689 donn orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/05mrbxp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mr90n	Who produced the album streets...
www.freebase.com/m/0dn2h6	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/02phc1	What area does jo√£o paulo ii airport serve?
www.freebase.com/m/01lt8v3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What type of music is speak!!!
www.freebase.com/m/0kslp8n	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0qmss	Who was the child of margarethe  janenz?
www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06zk5ky	Who is an artist known for industrial music?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrz2q	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	is the story of the u.s. army: the yanks are coming a war film or a romance
www.freebase.com/m/02p3dr	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/engine_type	www.freebase.com/m/06h11	what is the type of engine in grumman f8f bearcat
www.freebase.com/m/04hkh6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of patsy rowlands?
www.freebase.com/m/030421q	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format is the ventures collection available on
www.freebase.com/m/0m4mb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0dxdx_	what is a type of boarding school?
www.freebase.com/m/0gz5kky	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kinds of music is played by symphony of gunfire
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_j0t	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film filthy mcnastiest
www.freebase.com/m/02vvjq7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	who is herm schaefer
www.freebase.com/m/0q9s7vm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was the language spoken in the film intersexion?
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05p4pgr	who plays a pitcher in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/02m6x0	what is an example of a station wagon
www.freebase.com/m/0j7l4d4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	what types of music is shocking loud voice
www.freebase.com/m/043lk2s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ndp6	what country is fort leonard wood (military base) based in
www.freebase.com/m/08cmn3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/045zr	who was the lyricist behind chelsea morning
www.freebase.com/m/09p64dh	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0fn573	who is the developer of kaloki adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/04_x7h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0763y0	what town is located in province of cosenza
www.freebase.com/m/02q_s4j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of jabari asim?
www.freebase.com/m/0j625vv	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0qdwr	who produced the street of forgotten men?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7q_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre of film is this is what love in action looks like?
www.freebase.com/m/07bbwp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0694j	Where in canada is the conservatoire de musique de saguenay
www.freebase.com/m/04zzgs1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02ztjwg	What European language is spoken in drag me to hell
www.freebase.com/m/03khn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01stxc6	Name a person who was born in helsinki
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05wl2tz	Who's a scholar born in canada
www.freebase.com/m/01c62	www.freebase.com/education/field_of_study/academics_in_this_field	www.freebase.com/m/05vh2_g	which harvard graduate is notable in bioinformatics?
www.freebase.com/m/027kp3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/04399	what type of school is fordham university
www.freebase.com/m/0k3p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08ts7x	which former dutch footballer was born in amsterdam
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01pt2lx	whats the name of an indie rock performer
www.freebase.com/m/0_x37zr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019qb_	what is  iqsdirectory.com
www.freebase.com/m/0cb46y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	what type of school is university college london law faculty
www.freebase.com/m/05htkb	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05qkp	Where is the Fly River located?
www.freebase.com/m/034v4g	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/04f69c	What's a village that kent international airport serves
www.freebase.com/m/078f71	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/019z7b	what industry is alpine electronics in?
www.freebase.com/m/02vy1vd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03f2w	what is silvio schr√∂ter's county of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01tk3v0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09b8m	Where was delly ranx born
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04914_b	Name a community in illinois.
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd28y	Name a romance film.
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08569r	Who writes folk music?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y73l3	what's a planetary body that exists within our solar system
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crzmjp	What is the name of a film in the short film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y2ft2	What's an asteroid contained within the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0krt4n	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what is a position played by martin wagner
www.freebase.com/m/0ll065r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0153sjs	what is the title track on another day 
www.freebase.com/m/0p60f	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g5kz7n	What tv actor was born in konstanz?
www.freebase.com/m/0873x4	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what is the ethnicity of isaac gr√ºnewald 
www.freebase.com/m/0hzzbxt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is mr. jaggers?
www.freebase.com/m/0h553ms	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	which continent did hurricane maria affect
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/026n102	what is an example of a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/02b0_6	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/045wxz	oldham athletic a.f.c.  plays in what arena
www.freebase.com/m/036zf70	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was the cider house rules released on?
www.freebase.com/m/04n32	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j1wyl	Name an album by Louis Armstrong.
www.freebase.com/m/01ym9b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lhjgm	What is the name of a downtempo artist
www.freebase.com/m/02rv4hl	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0d05q4	where did operation ardennes occur
www.freebase.com/m/0zxj_y	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ms_8sj	bad includes what self-titled track
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bc1ggx	whats the name of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0bjttx	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/congressional_district/current_house_representative	www.freebase.com/m/024p03	Who is the current representative from alabamas 4th congressional district
www.freebase.com/m/04mg5x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	what subject is in defense of women written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftj3zp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02rgz4	who is Ëµ§‰πãÁªòÂç∑ by?
www.freebase.com/m/09s5_hk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is revenue agent 
www.freebase.com/m/01bg6m	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/025sft7	ginger ale is an ingredient in what dish?
www.freebase.com/m/016z1t	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc0_z	what radio station plays glen campbell
www.freebase.com/m/0clvy0p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/010bf6	what city are the sebring career schools located
www.freebase.com/m/0c1vrhp	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0c7clk7	what is an edition of europe called
www.freebase.com/m/06rqw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dpbfz	what is the name of an artist that makes  ska music
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtl8v	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	What is the dosage form for cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride 10 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j7s13	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is language is the composition when in rome in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fgv1r5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ml4vmx	What is the track list off the release stella polaris 2007: 3rd time's a charm
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0r4nhbj	What is the name of a rhythm and blues album?
www.freebase.com/m/05lx3	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wgp2m	What's a book about ohio river
www.freebase.com/m/0_6qq5l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03h314x	Which type of product is a sculpture considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/0glt670	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0k_gxd	who's an artist that produces mainly hip hop music
www.freebase.com/m/05zdhn	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	how can pac-pix be classified
www.freebase.com/m/0y796mj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of jean elliot
www.freebase.com/m/04877_q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0vbk	culler is a city in what state?
www.freebase.com/m/0ct3505	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01sn3	Which city was suzanne santo born in
www.freebase.com/m/02rj7cn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	Where did duke esper pass away
www.freebase.com/m/01hhs64	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0161sp	What is the artist behind the album lenny kravitz?
www.freebase.com/m/01h0cxv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of content is kingpin
www.freebase.com/m/043zvs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01ctpqz	What is a track by g. love & special sauce?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_nd8	which area is located in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0fzrrm9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0my2rhn	what is a track on chicago
www.freebase.com/m/069w5z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where in france did  daniel singer pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0hnf1xb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is rick alverson known for?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wbhnq	which book talks about california and louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/0h530wp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02k54	what is mervat tallawy's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/05zj1l2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was violent playground filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02__q7p	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kkfxpz	What is a track from broken arrow?
www.freebase.com/m/03vtqq	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of art did homer watson create
www.freebase.com/m/027_52g	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_match/teams	www.freebase.com/m/04ltf	What was one of the teams that played the 1971 fa cup final
www.freebase.com/m/01wmgrf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/045zwpw	What content does Faith Hill have in her music?
www.freebase.com/m/02bqwm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	where is beclean located
www.freebase.com/m/0gjz_x	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is sesto ed uniti located in
www.freebase.com/m/0n1l2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06zk25f	who was born in rendsburg
www.freebase.com/m/01h6dgp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what style of music is anime speed
www.freebase.com/m/0j24v_k	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is one of the gameplay modes in call of duty: black ops ii?
www.freebase.com/m/048fg	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/0m8_v	Who is a wellknown kickboxing champion
www.freebase.com/m/0495_dj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	What US state is glendale found in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3v6r6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fvwg	what was matthew centrowitz, jr.'s place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/026jr23	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of album is in the running?
www.freebase.com/m/04zggr8	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/07nk4	what is an adaptation from thunderbirds
www.freebase.com/m/0gsq4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/028ld3	where was what play did  born
www.freebase.com/m/0g7xgnd	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/027zv8w	What is a film directed by jasmeet dhodhi
www.freebase.com/m/01krsr7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0247xcj	what song is by sheila chandra?
www.freebase.com/m/0xp_d6f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l2xl	What country contains laguna seca
www.freebase.com/m/04959fh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	which state is teddy located 
www.freebase.com/m/03qcv59	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	what type of game is blazblue: calamity trigger released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05p33l3	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/014l4w	who was the production company for the film rip!: a remix manifesto
www.freebase.com/m/0dvmlx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r2kh	where in california was  benji schwimmer born
www.freebase.com/m/0fxtc76	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fxtc88	What is a song from paris album
www.freebase.com/m/01ljb_s	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/01y_sf	What song was the soundtrack mrs. doubtfire from
www.freebase.com/m/02qgt6w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0fw4v	what is the origin of tommy torres?
www.freebase.com/m/05s8rm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hb6g	where was jocelyne lagarde born 
www.freebase.com/m/01sby_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the netflix genre of battle royale
www.freebase.com/m/02rjkpn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is aleksei kostenko's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0drcf	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02hx790	what to people of the blackfeet tribe speak
www.freebase.com/m/027_50d	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_match/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0mmd6	What was a team in the 1968 fa cup final
www.freebase.com/m/0gq528	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is william dominic austin
www.freebase.com/m/04gvz8w	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/0v9n	which constellation is hd 157753 a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01mf0	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0bdmx7	what company operates in the computer software industry
www.freebase.com/m/0_j3tg9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03f4k	Who composed leaving for the promised land?
www.freebase.com/m/05jds0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0zh_8	Where was george karl born?
www.freebase.com/m/0921h6	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgyc3f	What is law school?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/06_4_bp	who's a notable screenwriter from tel aviv
www.freebase.com/m/02r6c00	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country is the movie √Ä propos de nice from?
www.freebase.com/m/0xnc3	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01spm	what is charles, prince of wales's religion 
www.freebase.com/m/01p8j1	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/first_ascenders	www.freebase.com/m/03d15xb	Who was the first person to climb the matterhorn
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gc20d2	Name a woman who works as an actress
www.freebase.com/m/03d8byp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0165b	Where was david morris born?
www.freebase.com/m/04c223x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is mechanicsburg?
www.freebase.com/m/0pxtvts	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	which country released fionn costello
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrr01	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of environmental defense sunscreen spf 50
www.freebase.com/m/0zmvscc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01p1v	what country is mario milanca guzm√°n from
www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03chl9m	what cathedral is located in san francisco
www.freebase.com/m/03nxrxt	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/06tnf2	what does sulfadoxine help treat?
www.freebase.com/m/0wqk9rm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	what is diplomat
www.freebase.com/m/017180	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0ccsdch	What's a film produced by quills
www.freebase.com/m/03f_l8l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	What musical genre is the hierophant
www.freebase.com/m/0t_hq6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kl920y	which track is part of earth
www.freebase.com/m/0kvd6b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film the strength of donald mckenzie in
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/05x5ht	What is a game that uses single-player mode?
www.freebase.com/m/06rgc47	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	is charlie mason an outfielder or infielder
www.freebase.com/m/052qk1v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	which genre is the film town tamer in
www.freebase.com/m/01glnp	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0259kj	what city does the river trent flow through
www.freebase.com/m/0gxt5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/015qh	Where was todor palankov born?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6ky9b	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What is a gameplay mode that can be found on bomberman touch 2: volcano party?
www.freebase.com/m/03j0d0x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	Where is masse broberg from
www.freebase.com/m/04whqyt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04zhd	what is white mountain blues about?
www.freebase.com/m/02r7ryz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0138gx	where was dudley foster born
www.freebase.com/m/01vy_v8	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03sb0b	Who was the director of frank oz
www.freebase.com/m/0557q	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_genre/plays_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026tzl3	which play is in the genre musical theatre
www.freebase.com/m/025sqdg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recorded_as_album	www.freebase.com/m/01hl8kr	what is the composition of vasoline
www.freebase.com/m/09gj5ht	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What genre of music the artist Chris McCarvill a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/01nqrwt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what type of album is bl√°i hn√∂tturinn
www.freebase.com/m/06_1jly	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	what state is german-american bank building located in 
www.freebase.com/m/02qjszm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is kinya aikawa
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/052g4t	what is the artist who performs in the pop rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/0gdmzsr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is mary nell santacroce from
www.freebase.com/m/0fgw8hd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0hg6h	What type of physical format was flag available in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbcz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06tnn	where did ernest shackleton die
www.freebase.com/m/04y5lj6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/022tfrk	what type of person is harvey johnson
www.freebase.com/m/0fqj3rl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is joseph muscha mueller's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/02pp3nd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	what kind of radio station is wkar
www.freebase.com/m/01t89v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cm5m	Where was gerardus vossius place of birth 
www.freebase.com/m/0h1jkmr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	where in asia was yun-ho kim born?
www.freebase.com/m/026j1jh	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0314p7	what film did hiroshi ≈ånogi write
www.freebase.com/m/01ts9r	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/accidents	www.freebase.com/m/05p14hy	Which korean air flight was in an accident
www.freebase.com/m/02dycj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the original language isaac asimovs caliban was writen in
www.freebase.com/m/0gtx68g	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	What style tv program is blood-c?
www.freebase.com/m/0wct7p8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	What type of release was red
www.freebase.com/m/04t4180	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02px0wr	What is the topic of the book now you see her
www.freebase.com/m/0_jd81z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01w9mnm	who composed darshan (the road to graceland)
www.freebase.com/m/0247wpb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vv06k	who recorded congress
www.freebase.com/m/0288yg9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position does claudiano alves dos santos play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0h95pkm	what object is an asteroid?
www.freebase.com/m/0__f0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02wcrq5	Who is a person that was born in weston
www.freebase.com/m/0bgfz4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In which language was driving the last spike written? 
www.freebase.com/m/04x_h1	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What country is pato branco in?
www.freebase.com/m/01_pnm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nrqx2	What is smash mouth known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlg2j	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	what was the cause of death of enrico banducci 
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h1c2g6	what is a minor belt plant that orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/012x4t	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/06cy5n	What is a composition by stevie wonder
www.freebase.com/m/0kwkt37	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0312c4q	which release track was released in beverly hills 
www.freebase.com/m/0fg6fqj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x3x79	Name a track off of the ep collection release
www.freebase.com/m/0183dy	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/05rgl	Where did the pacific theater of operations take place
www.freebase.com/m/082s_h	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zkvtfv	Which lyrics did tomas haake write?
www.freebase.com/m/05drqkm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/series	www.freebase.com/m/02s17g	What series is mr. belvedere - season 3 from
www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0c55tq	Name a notable teacher
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0psbj	what is a city in the southern Netherlands with central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0zmtsmg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wmgpv	which country singer produced as soon as i hang up the phone?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmdg71	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/07wk3m	What artistic movement is piotr litvinsky associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/05b02hm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What type of  movie is the neflix film blood ties?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1vz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqry6b	Lysine is the active ingredient found in what medication?
www.freebase.com/m/047ttpw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is nicholas miccarelli iii from
www.freebase.com/m/0lys0lm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fkb9z	What album is bel ami featured on
www.freebase.com/m/02x62dr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	which modes does atv offroad fury 3 have
www.freebase.com/m/061_f	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_subject/artwork_on_the_subject	www.freebase.com/m/05b9fkx	what is an artwork concerning a pear
www.freebase.com/m/03fpfhk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lydg77	which track is part of fearless
www.freebase.com/m/048v8j4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	where is alcovy forest located
www.freebase.com/m/02hmnsn	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/03kzbp	What is the game for the game version psychonauts?
www.freebase.com/m/02663k_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	where was patsy tebeau born 
www.freebase.com/m/05v1pv5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	where in california is carol mon pere's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxr9yz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02fvfb	what is the active ingredient in horizant
www.freebase.com/m/0gmxyh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is sheila larken from
www.freebase.com/m/0436wn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dmb2_l	what track did ill nino make
www.freebase.com/m/0jvbqkv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What country is julio salvador from?
www.freebase.com/m/043r8v6	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does jo√£o miguel play?
www.freebase.com/m/04b0cz1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nh0f	what is located in jacobs prairie?
www.freebase.com/m/01h86h0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012x86	which artist released at her very best: dusty springfield?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0735gw	Whose death was caused by myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/06g1jk	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_creator/series_created	www.freebase.com/m/0332k7	which series did louise simonson create?
www.freebase.com/m/0gb_hjr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was the reasoning behind jack kirk's death
www.freebase.com/m/041lfl	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0h6dlrc	What is the make for bmw m6?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlmwh	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02pfymy	Who is the publisher of the hellgate: london game?
www.freebase.com/m/0jdx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gff22w	What pop singer was born in albania?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l1yqs	which albums were released by captain beefheart and the magic band?
www.freebase.com/m/01gx66	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02rrtj5	who was the founder of honeywell
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0493c1v	Name a city in the United States. 
www.freebase.com/m/02l9gh	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/05g63n	where is lake maninjau near?
www.freebase.com/m/0l8m48s	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/011l0j4	What release does hard times belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0crg2zy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	What was the cause of death of john harmon
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxw4m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	george ardisson is what gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0ctspt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what the genre classification of the book the servants of twilight?
www.freebase.com/m/0388_y2	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format the the best of bond... james bond is released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gqgpt	What is a location in central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/02qyvw8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04rcr	What band wrote ron mcgovneys 82 garage demo
www.freebase.com/m/0g7f6fq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0fxglkg	what is the original version of the song mystique?
www.freebase.com/m/0_kflg2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/04xrx	Who wrote the lyrics for you're so cold?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxfn	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0qf11	eye97 broadcasted what artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0j513zd	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hfxj4s	who directed julius caesar
www.freebase.com/m/03yn3f0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what kind of music does mike mareen produce
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01pj395	who plays the piano?
www.freebase.com/m/0v1y_nn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of the character named  helena
www.freebase.com/m/02ry_67	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what is the movie genre of taxi driver?
www.freebase.com/m/02q07yn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052bw	where was paul shipton born
www.freebase.com/m/0dnbfx6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02qt8v	who was the artist behind woolie bullie
www.freebase.com/m/01lpkvz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What album content type is the album Lolita?
www.freebase.com/m/0t4z0tm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05mph	what state has area code 918
www.freebase.com/m/0dww_pg	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What format was oracular spectacular released?
www.freebase.com/m/0y9mcm	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0f3lqvx	what is a version of tao te ching?
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/06nrt	What is a state in canada
www.freebase.com/m/0hnv6pt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	is modern family a feature film or a short film
www.freebase.com/m/02rfpsy	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0283khc	What fictional character was created by Paul Ryan?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmfwt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0d76r	what is the platform of the game pocket fighter
www.freebase.com/m/0n66593	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	what is lee spielman known for 
www.freebase.com/m/05yp86k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cxgc	what was christopher cary's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0n_45g8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	what is the profession of  cris reque
www.freebase.com/m/0702zl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	what is  alice klein place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/02qpmj2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/07vr92g	What was grant thornton known for?
www.freebase.com/m/09k68ws	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does alemayo kebede play
www.freebase.com/m/0sjqm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01vxyts	Name someone who was born in rockford
www.freebase.com/m/0319xp	www.freebase.com/business/company_type/companies_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0cn6d25	what is a company that focuses on sole proprietorship
www.freebase.com/m/027zs4d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the original language that tarzan and the lion man is in 
www.freebase.com/m/0bqr_y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is robert whitaker male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0m244t5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j7_yd	Which release is daydreams the release track off of
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrmd8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	What route does rabbit epithelium 10000 injectable solution take to be administrated?
www.freebase.com/m/0bk6jh	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/03b932	what is the republican congress's political ideology
www.freebase.com/m/0lfxx3j	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	the audio of tetsujin nij≈´hachi-g≈ç: hakuch≈´ no zangetsu is in this language.
www.freebase.com/m/05c2698	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0dgnwwr	which film was produced by abu dhabi media
www.freebase.com/m/02rhbm_	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	What is a school color of holy family high school
www.freebase.com/m/0dbw29	www.freebase.com/base/breakfast/breakfast_cereal_brand/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/09696	What's an ingredient of raisin wheats
www.freebase.com/m/04wcz6s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	What is one of the subjects of anatomy of a war
www.freebase.com/m/0bwp8m	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what type of program is mariposahd
www.freebase.com/m/04wgn92	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03qd0j	rebel  was written by what author
www.freebase.com/m/010th_	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/08720	which films took place in darrington
www.freebase.com/m/03ch14	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/047vm00	whats the name of a program whose genre was  television special
www.freebase.com/m/045	www.freebase.com/type/usergroup/member	www.freebase.com/m/02kxr7r	what member is a global user group?
www.freebase.com/m/05nqw3	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01sm71	who is gory guerrero's son
www.freebase.com/m/02pjcbf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	What is the nationality of irina shayk
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cvcbss	what is an example of a documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/03j1b8c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0bsz93	What label is bushman associated with
www.freebase.com/m/013ksx	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_scope/organizations_with_this_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0fq84yp	what known health institute is located in bethlehem, pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/01h7h9g	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fs4r9	What kind of album is sheet music?
www.freebase.com/m/03ctqbr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	where did leone giraldoni die
www.freebase.com/m/0crtcln	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what type of music is casta diva: a romanticized biography of bellini
www.freebase.com/m/02m92h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/0264d09	What's an episode written by bob odenkirk
www.freebase.com/m/04sj3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	What continent is madagascar located in
www.freebase.com/m/03cgvmm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is jenna lee's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmx0v4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rrclpj	name a track from the album chicago 
www.freebase.com/m/0kz3ct5	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0g7_m3	who is the publisher of Œºtorrent (included game)?
www.freebase.com/m/0x0p9jn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cp6w	Where did paul levain pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/039q0v	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/027nwjr	which song did brian molko write the lyrics to
www.freebase.com/m/0bs60fd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily utilized in can't be tamed
www.freebase.com/m/0qfvbd0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was afraid of heights?
www.freebase.com/m/04t130t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What subject is "The Magic Hour"?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxltb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/019tzd	what genre is disorder 4: ride the lightning found under
www.freebase.com/m/01jf9c	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07hpl0	who is the producer of the film paris, texas
www.freebase.com/m/0jz06	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is spike (buffy the vampire slayer)?
www.freebase.com/m/05q996z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2w0	where was jeff manship born 
www.freebase.com/m/03_wy8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	which city did nikolai ostrovsky die
www.freebase.com/m/0b6dg9v	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02r7vfs	Who directed the film vellinakshatram
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wh93x	what books are mystery books
www.freebase.com/m/0jw1qp1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fngy	what is denis guma's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/03msf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03ct0lw	name a kart circuit in hertfordshire
www.freebase.com/m/0ztd9hf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	What is johnny long known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_4zkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What country does shoot first, die later originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/05b0bx0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What genre is captain pirate under on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/026zkz	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0dgfzq	whom did patricia churchland influence
www.freebase.com/m/01hkkmy	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017lb_	who produced the album the hunter?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtxjmz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/09s02	What language is the movie viswanatha nayakudu in?
www.freebase.com/m/0430j1	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which war did george welch fight in 
www.freebase.com/m/01bkv	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/015qh	where is the bulgarian language spoken
www.freebase.com/m/04b62j	www.freebase.com/base/christmas/christmas_carol/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is the little drummer boy sung in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf6w9b	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	Which language is the song let springtime come in
www.freebase.com/m/05wnfp	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0158xh	What is named after charles horace mayo
www.freebase.com/m/0300bn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	Name tony castillo's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/044yp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04f30	where did jahangir die
www.freebase.com/m/06v17p4	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/081sq	what is the topic of newsweek
www.freebase.com/m/0tvph	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0cc07	Which county is woodsboro located in
www.freebase.com/m/07g9nfs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m25p	where is gila county / winkelman town located
www.freebase.com/m/0bnpvns	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	What was christianity written about
www.freebase.com/m/0b6ygpv	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fj47w	who was the director for why george!
www.freebase.com/m/03bj2r_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lwfjnn	What's a song off of china
www.freebase.com/m/04b5cwy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is woodcrest park located in
www.freebase.com/m/0gr3v5	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is erve located in
www.freebase.com/m/01jcgnx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what format does the gold collection: classic performances have
www.freebase.com/m/0bfv91	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of movie is voodoo dawn
www.freebase.com/m/02q71j9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country is ruy guerra from
www.freebase.com/m/0hk18	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02w7py5	Who died from emphysema?
www.freebase.com/m/0b80p4r	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02863yj	who directed the routine
www.freebase.com/m/06q25rc	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what position does pat dillard play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/02spwq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01n04hk	whats the name of an album that was created by vinicius de moraes
www.freebase.com/m/0gjc7kn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country released small time gangster
www.freebase.com/m/04_6vxy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what biological gender is nicolas provost
www.freebase.com/m/04y823d	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	Which art form did bla≈æej bal√°≈æ express themselves through
www.freebase.com/m/01wxxbm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0281rp	what city and state in america did  pete candoli pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0cbg_	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0cbhh	What is the name of a city on the garonne river
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/02vq4pk	Who played bass guitar for dekalb
www.freebase.com/m/0c5b9t	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	is arthur a. dugoni school of dentistry a private university or public
www.freebase.com/m/04swd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0b_h7kb	what is a Russian actor known for his role in d'Artagnan born in moscow 
www.freebase.com/m/0dlnz77	www.freebase.com/sports/tournament_event/tournaments_contested_in	www.freebase.com/m/080flp0	what tournament was  boys' tennis, singles contested in
www.freebase.com/m/02q688d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	What kind of music is aldo parisot known for
www.freebase.com/m/09v8c1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02wz9g	where is the as catedrais beach
www.freebase.com/m/03qtfvc	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/01nn79	what is a known korean electronic components, nec industry
www.freebase.com/m/05f81hl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0493sn	where was willians domingos fernandes given birth at?
www.freebase.com/m/0cnyx_s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is reginald mountain from
www.freebase.com/m/0nlqmmt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0zzpq8	which record is part of battle of waterloo
www.freebase.com/m/05_74z	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/03jz0z	What is a film location from dhoom
www.freebase.com/m/051st7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is consuelo flowerton from
www.freebase.com/m/0hj3n96	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/079934	what is a jungle film?
www.freebase.com/m/06mn7	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05ldxl	which film did stanley kubrick write 
www.freebase.com/m/0dvxwwh	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what is the physical format of the release 3rd?
www.freebase.com/m/06bs13	www.freebase.com/biology/domesticated_animal/breeds	www.freebase.com/m/027rksy	what breed is domestic rabbit
www.freebase.com/m/0f9x7r	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0ght157	who wrote the film home of the brave
www.freebase.com/m/0_73np_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form is the composition the man that knew too much in?
www.freebase.com/m/01k33y0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is live at sweetwater 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0565b7	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0hhqflr	What movie did animal logic produce 
www.freebase.com/m/02r8w4b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily used in alice's restaurant
www.freebase.com/m/02qnfd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0g0n6j	which characters did keith giffen create
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtppl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is the botrytis cinerea 40000 injectable solution administered
www.freebase.com/m/02rd1mx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	Where is cs√°k√°ny?
www.freebase.com/m/09rmm0j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the movie music for madame from
www.freebase.com/m/01lqtv5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what music genre is grooverider
www.freebase.com/m/0h_f39r	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0hhrqvd	who is the composer for set it off
www.freebase.com/m/05_mbw6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/064zzx	what is a subject in the piece red spy queen: a biography of elizabeth bentley
www.freebase.com/m/0dv7lj_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p61mz	Who is the artist doing the hard times recording
www.freebase.com/m/0crsdwg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is godmoney
www.freebase.com/m/0c5pk8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is the gender of walter bowman male of female?
www.freebase.com/m/0bw355	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which languages were spoken in the film bunker hill bunny?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftzr5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is the profession of soomi lee?
www.freebase.com/m/03zfhy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language was imajica orginally written in ?
www.freebase.com/m/02px0wr	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wfp_0	what book discusses about dating
www.freebase.com/m/05tt1x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where is tom uren from
www.freebase.com/m/03y7w09	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is 4733 oro
www.freebase.com/m/0gh6mpy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	which gender is omoni oboli
www.freebase.com/m/0gc7nf_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what is may lo mei-mei's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0chjm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03m7l_n	which noteworthy person was born in rennes?
www.freebase.com/m/02fbcn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/081125	who was a character with the bartender occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0wzrq8s	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0d6t6z	What film did sutanu gupta write for?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8jqz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	what killed carol dempster 
www.freebase.com/m/0fvj21c	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is rivers of babylon: a best of collection
www.freebase.com/m/0dwgb	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	what diet is  orange juice allowed 
www.freebase.com/m/0m6s89h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/049l74b	The track another day is from what album
www.freebase.com/m/04jn3qt	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_racing_organization/drivers	www.freebase.com/m/05q0x7	Name a driver in the Phil Parsons Race. 
www.freebase.com/m/0_3lf9	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0ftf8x1	what is one version of the single gold?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1j_h	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	where was 4974 elford discovered
www.freebase.com/m/0413kng	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does churn make
www.freebase.com/m/03qq_0g	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wkvh	what genre is the artwork evening, honfleur considered
www.freebase.com/m/04w81k2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	What is the genre of the book the nature of love, volume 3 
www.freebase.com/m/064mtzf	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	what is the lowest grade taught in metro tech high school
www.freebase.com/m/04wvnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01znbj	who is the label for the artist devin bronson?
www.freebase.com/m/01jzhnh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/060vsf	Who is the artist of the album live at montreux
www.freebase.com/m/0zjjrs_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/039t6g	who is the composer of listen my children (and you shall hear)
www.freebase.com/m/02gv52	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07twz	what is the nationality of enrique amorim
www.freebase.com/m/0_6vp4n	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/039t6g	who composed smarty (you know it all) 
www.freebase.com/m/0m9ly9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01wxdh2	whos the guy that produced the song freeze frame
www.freebase.com/m/0bjsc	www.freebase.com/user/agroschim/default_domain/notable_author_of_a_lit_movement/literary_movement	www.freebase.com/m/06hsk	what types of movement is brothers grimm
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh_23	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which countries is sulfasalazine 500 tablet available in?
www.freebase.com/m/03gzvmc	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	what position does todd esselmont play in hockey 
www.freebase.com/m/0yq9nyp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wdzm_	Who recorded the album the best of √âdith piaf: c'est l'amour?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxwg_	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/countries_spoken_in	www.freebase.com/m/02lx0	which country speaks the makasae language 
www.freebase.com/m/0czd1_6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rjpsd	who is the artist on nancy7
www.freebase.com/m/03cylc_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02201g	Which artist recorded the album the platinum collection?
www.freebase.com/m/01vwf	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xj61q	what book edition is published by charles baxter (author)
www.freebase.com/m/02qpsrx	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	Where did the 8th illinois volunteer infantry regiment originate
www.freebase.com/m/05w47fg	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	 greville janner, baron janner of braunstone is of what ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/087bbl	what is a is a public secondary school in Westminster, Colorado
www.freebase.com/m/03f1t_	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/guidebooks	www.freebase.com/m/0q_37w9	which guidebook contains marmaris
www.freebase.com/m/04nwmv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	what country is lamego in?
www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0gvqc_	what is the name of a action-adventure game
www.freebase.com/m/049th88	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	The album immortal is included in what genre
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zm02f_	what is a composition song
www.freebase.com/m/04vl2kl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02chbw	which American publisher published the book \\"o\\" is for outlaw?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7zy	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/06cf7	What is the higher classification of crassulaceae
www.freebase.com/m/020dgn	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02ymxk	who is son of sima yi
www.freebase.com/m/016stg	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbr__	what radio channel is used by alien ant farm
www.freebase.com/m/015dcpj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/036gb45	Which album can i find the song mildred pierce
www.freebase.com/m/0qzp58	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033bd6m	What album featured the recording of another day
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsr19	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is pdi alcohol prep pad sterile large and medium considered
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09gf_rp	what's the name of a psychedelic rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0zn88sk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre is the lion of the moguls?
www.freebase.com/m/0z2pzgd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is dancing up a storm
www.freebase.com/m/0fdjb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j192b	Name a film in the supernatural film genre
www.freebase.com/m/034dd7d	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what medium is the story so far released in
www.freebase.com/m/0zhb7k8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0zhh3h5	which track was in the recording heavy metal
www.freebase.com/m/06ytyj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f1gbg	what is located in amrita vishwa vidyapeetham?
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0_x6k	What is the name of a Tennessee town that is located in north american central time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch46cb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 25607 tsengiching orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfl004	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/05p93dj	who is a producer of the music release monster
www.freebase.com/m/01l7swm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is master s√©rie, volume ii
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03byvnv	which famous spanish artist is known for his paintings?
www.freebase.com/m/01p8yzz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0l3q2	what large city in brazil was marcus viana born
www.freebase.com/m/0w8cjrz	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sf_r	what position is mason wedel in basketball 
www.freebase.com/m/02qw8vn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05clg8	which music company is imajin with?
www.freebase.com/m/04xbh	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/043tg	who did maurice merleau-ponty  influence
www.freebase.com/m/0zh3nl7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01ldw4	Who wrote nocturnal pleasure
www.freebase.com/m/0dgll7z	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0swlx	which language is the president versus david hicks in
www.freebase.com/m/025sryb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06l4jq	Where was lehmber hussainpuri born
www.freebase.com/m/01gfvpn	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is russian sketches?
www.freebase.com/m/0dbsl	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0479cpm	what is a work by lisa lopes
www.freebase.com/m/09ftxv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is gary allenson famous for being
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01pqnkh	Name a rock music artist
www.freebase.com/m/03cxsvl	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gx3fyc	what films have dianna agron written?
www.freebase.com/m/01pzz2t	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what type of music does sexual beast perform
www.freebase.com/m/0ynng04	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	how did cirilo p√©rez de ayala die
www.freebase.com/m/0kw7k_n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is harrikrisna anenden's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/01j8fs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of show is byker grove
www.freebase.com/m/0gg8s0r	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does ryan richter currently play?
www.freebase.com/m/01l_5hg	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument did eric johnson play?
www.freebase.com/m/04857tz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k8pw	What county does happy hill belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/04n6qw8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0b3hcy	who wrote the tv episode called not landing
www.freebase.com/m/02rrx4t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was nascar in primetime broadcasted in
www.freebase.com/m/03cw3wk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0sdy5	Where did james foster pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/01whdxt	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	which religion was hugo egon balder a part of
www.freebase.com/m/05mz4nm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	in what language is the film foundry town
www.freebase.com/m/0km23t9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/030cjxv	What is one of the album's released by the island?
www.freebase.com/m/09l16h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c6gt	Where is Olga Desmond's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/06__c	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01l25jy	name an artist who composes samba music.
www.freebase.com/m/0194x	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0b6z11k	which artwork is in baroque
www.freebase.com/m/0pbkhdx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of  martin magdaleno
www.freebase.com/m/0g16v6q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album black betty
www.freebase.com/m/04txtk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0740gt	what kind of show is all in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5ghr	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 11664 kashiwagi orbit 
www.freebase.com/m/0hd_q	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0177z	where was joseph luns's place of death 
www.freebase.com/m/04w7bj5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	what are the subjects of our story magic?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/08nb8b	which rock music albums were produced in brooklyn?
www.freebase.com/m/04hcw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0m32h	what illness was suffered by ludwig wittgenstein
www.freebase.com/m/01fw5sk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016j2t	What is the artist that released three hanks: men with broken hearts
www.freebase.com/m/0cz8mn9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what football position does stanislav kostov play
www.freebase.com/m/0w9_8	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	What timezone is binnenmaas in
www.freebase.com/m/0b8mdc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0168ql	who created lady penelope creighton-ward
www.freebase.com/m/0zq9z4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ksl5st	what is a track from the recording off the wall
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsv1x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/07qz_n	what are the active ingredients in brucella melitensis 0.6 solution/drops
www.freebase.com/m/0k12zv	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/064j0y	What movie did sagar pandya help produce
www.freebase.com/m/01qszl	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/03m9k83	What game did Bandai publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01fngvm	what is the title of a  soundtrack album
www.freebase.com/m/0y9r0_w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02f1c	What artist recorded the bandits of beverly hills?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcwhd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lb5	what is the how karpov wins book about
www.freebase.com/m/03b4vs	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/organizations	www.freebase.com/m/087nk	Which organization was the fictional character chamber from
www.freebase.com/m/04jmz2b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is ray lake in 
www.freebase.com/m/0_r9w5y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is eric luse 
www.freebase.com/m/015l4k	www.freebase.com/user/jg/default_domain/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/03tmr	what was a sport played in the 1968 winter olympics
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01ss2_t	who plays heavy metal
www.freebase.com/m/08p2n5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03f39pg	who composed romantic ukare mode
www.freebase.com/m/02xdcz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country locates prestatyn
www.freebase.com/m/0h005	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02p909r	which project did fred quimby earn a producer credit
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01w5ts6	Name a screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/0g57__3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_1p	What kind of music is anthems for worship?
www.freebase.com/m/027_wld	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	which type of book is the echo under?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2f93	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/072plz	Who is the author of the written work "Unguarded"?
www.freebase.com/m/011yd2	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/04rtpt	what company did produce apollo 13 (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0fx2k3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is constance towers from
www.freebase.com/m/0c6fz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bh94jm	what musician was born in lodz
www.freebase.com/m/02685hr	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what are the school colors of rostrevor college?
www.freebase.com/m/049gsrt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05l64	Where is je suis animal from?
www.freebase.com/m/0g71sbj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/010cbj4	what is the canonical version of girls just want to have fun
www.freebase.com/m/0h66fbp	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/059cb1	what type of architectural style is cathedral of the immaculate conception in
www.freebase.com/m/02x5bhq	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	What instrument does butterscotch play
www.freebase.com/m/0gx02bb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	what genre of music does  j-roc make
www.freebase.com/m/04w6k4t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/058qyw	what is second honeymoon written about
www.freebase.com/m/025l5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q5h70v	what songs are by chet atkins?
www.freebase.com/m/03j36xf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sh3dt9	What type of music artist is DJ Cobra?
www.freebase.com/m/02z5lc	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/01c5zw	What is warsaw chopin airport a hub for
www.freebase.com/m/07t402	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03bxh	What musician wrote riccardo primo
www.freebase.com/m/034jk96	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m74bn	what is the release track on the future
www.freebase.com/m/01k8c2m	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what genre is bitterblue considered
www.freebase.com/m/0crsgsd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What language is aah in?
www.freebase.com/m/01jxb_m	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jxc1h	who is the main act from a night with poncho sanchez live
www.freebase.com/m/046qpy	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02r299s	which games were developed by codemasters?
www.freebase.com/m/06kcjr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r_qn3	whats the name of a hyphy artist
www.freebase.com/m/01t7jy	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/042mpb	What is a game published by acclaim entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/0lqh4dh	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	what are the team colors of weber state wildcats football?
www.freebase.com/m/094ppd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the subject of the book  the fiery cross
www.freebase.com/m/0350_8	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	which area is the administrative parent of callao region
www.freebase.com/m/0b__5h0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What celestial body does (7120) 1989 ad3 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0dm5rhh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the movie villa!! filmed
www.freebase.com/m/04l1mfr	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/07p7st	which dog breeds have a hardy temperament
www.freebase.com/m/0hh18r6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	what language is spoken in baghdad express
www.freebase.com/m/04cxzjy	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02rrptx	What is a game developed by uep systems?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffj64	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cffd	where is margherita gonzaga, duchess of ferrara's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0bhcxz3	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/02vymsm	Which film did jo√£o rui guerra da mata do the costume design for
www.freebase.com/m/02qdxyl	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0k0rr7w	what's the name of one of ghassan tueni's parents
www.freebase.com/m/0bs5txf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what type of music does ki theory make?
www.freebase.com/m/0hr9_pf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What genre is six bullets?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_s5	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0285p9	what is a neighborhood in the greater los angeles area
www.freebase.com/m/07bv5n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cvw9	where did mahendranath gupta die
www.freebase.com/m/0klfrjd	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03093m7	What release was manhattan released on?
www.freebase.com/m/027xpr1	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	This Azerbaijan football player played the position of midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03d1zsh	Name a voice actor.
www.freebase.com/m/07q921z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	where did alfonso paso die?
www.freebase.com/m/018dz_	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/incompatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	what dietary restriction is incompatible with kimchi
www.freebase.com/m/09n79j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03cqzsr	what album was created by airbourne
www.freebase.com/m/07yj90w	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what is the primary language of the big dream
www.freebase.com/m/0c031k6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/01nfzx	What is the name of a program that features live action
www.freebase.com/m/0db30t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what netflix genre does thoughtcrimes belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02phtx4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04rqps	Where was louis agassiz shaw, jr. born
www.freebase.com/m/03w0j9	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kt8jz	what is the temperament of the tibetan mastiff
www.freebase.com/m/0_6mn9y	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0v7kbg	what is a recording from the haiti composition 
www.freebase.com/m/04t1dsm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05lyx9	Who is the author of nightfall?
www.freebase.com/m/0ndpsc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0_m4d8n	which tracks are part of the roll over beethoven recording?
www.freebase.com/m/0520r2x	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/08q3qb4	richard day  was the film art director for what movie
www.freebase.com/m/01g09p	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/07nrg	who was involved in the  battle of long island
www.freebase.com/m/038ps1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is john heitinga's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01h85d8	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was live?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqyw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gdlz7l	which actress was born in osaka, japan?
www.freebase.com/m/0lxl251	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fgnbz	what release did the track suicide come off of
www.freebase.com/m/035c0h2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014f6wd	What is a track on the cardinal release
www.freebase.com/m/0ksgy9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is birendranath sasmal famous for
www.freebase.com/m/02r3kn9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is john evan thomas's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/0fz1tc	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	The periodical official playstation magazine (ireland) is written in which language?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01r2b4f	what is the name of a dance music album
www.freebase.com/m/0j7ks0p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	a sound of thunder  produced what type of music
www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/027vnm3	Which character is human?
www.freebase.com/m/03mfr9v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is boyd irwin?
www.freebase.com/m/0fht8j3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lgvxw3	What is a track from jan & dean: all the hits (disc 1)?
www.freebase.com/m/01w6czm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	what is the artist siouxsie sioux's genre
www.freebase.com/m/0d3hf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02mf7	Where did damon knight die?
www.freebase.com/m/01lkv6b	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what music genre is the album life is full of possibilities 
www.freebase.com/m/0nsrv	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03d0qy7	What is a city located in vigo county
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/015qpn	who is an african american formal boxer
www.freebase.com/m/0c00lh	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0hz7_84	what's one of the films that jason reitman directed
www.freebase.com/m/04w2v7r	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	What genre of book is tamerlane the earth shaker?
www.freebase.com/m/07lj2p	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/025t0m8	which city locates bhadrak district
www.freebase.com/m/04t0q0v	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	continental drift is what genre of book?
www.freebase.com/m/064149_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the composition ready for the weekend in
www.freebase.com/m/0ftxpk0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wrtkg	which musician recorded bolivia
www.freebase.com/m/0chr43	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is haastrecht?
www.freebase.com/m/01p7s6	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02rf06m	who is a person of the poles ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/04vbfy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	What city did ralph fox pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/01ns4mr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jzkp	who released believe you me
www.freebase.com/m/09v548m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What is the form of the composition you win again?
www.freebase.com/m/04lhn4r	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in the film how a mosquito operates
www.freebase.com/m/0x5qc52	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01g0z	which artist made the album works for violin and piano, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0x5j5qt	what is an album by this means you?
www.freebase.com/m/03mbcj9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What language is the black box filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/026qd0t	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_pass/range	www.freebase.com/m/06c6l	What mountain range is granite pass in?
www.freebase.com/m/05nlx4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in pirates of the caribbean 3
www.freebase.com/m/0swn_81	www.freebase.com/music/composition/place_composed	www.freebase.com/m/0rnmy	Which city was not in love at all composed in
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/068mvx	what school is a sort of public school?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt1l1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	What kind of drug is allergenic extracts standardized mite?
www.freebase.com/m/05bzy8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	what is john ellison's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/01jn9x8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	What genre is the album all the best considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4x3l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of ron canada?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6bcn	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What gameplay mode is supported by the computer videogame mashed: fully loaded
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrmdg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/098h5l	What's an active ingredient in palifermin 6.25 injection
www.freebase.com/m/02pnb78	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is lamb from?
www.freebase.com/m/02rx7tz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xjl2	what type of rock is the album \\"no snow, no show\\" for the eskimo
www.freebase.com/m/0mklj30	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/049kdb0	on what release is the release track christopher columbus
www.freebase.com/m/041fh0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0694j	where did gorguts originate from
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0h3vm0y	Name an artist famous for painting. 
www.freebase.com/m/02tbnkr	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/governing_body_of_protected_sites/protected_sites_governed	www.freebase.com/m/0c85_7	what sites are governed by the washington state parks and recreation commission
www.freebase.com/m/03hg0k8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	what caused gordon lennon's death
www.freebase.com/m/04cgqk	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/07qhmv	what's a major hub for kosova airlines
www.freebase.com/m/0czd_7s	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	What genre of music is the album empire
www.freebase.com/m/0hz5_vj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what genre is the film borrow my crew
www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0d_fn19	Name a post-grunge ablum
www.freebase.com/m/0gksv4h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the film  3 stars
www.freebase.com/m/04w2ntq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0261dml	Who authored magic wand
www.freebase.com/m/079hmx	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/02x2vq8	Which film did harold bell wright do the film story credits for
www.freebase.com/m/04m1my	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is thea foss from?
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ltfby	what is a rock and roll album
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/039byr	Who is a person with the profession model (person)?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1wvp	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	What is mazu daoyi's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/02qpcbt	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/0h4xw_	What is leslie alexander an activist for
www.freebase.com/m/09pmkv	www.freebase.com/business/business_location/parent_company	www.freebase.com/m/0_7qxl0	What is a company in malaysia
www.freebase.com/m/0wtfy	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone does strasburg belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/04p0c	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04j2wr	Name a visitor attraction in lower saxony 
www.freebase.com/m/0289z07	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what are waverly high school's colors
www.freebase.com/m/025s7j4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt68c	what drug is potassium the active moiety of formulation
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgh6t	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what shape is medique alcalak 420 chewable tablet in?
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pppyv	what is a store in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/06d52_r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03hl9th	who wrote marcel duchamp
www.freebase.com/m/0947l	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0yqbt2y	Name a cinematographer born in milan
www.freebase.com/m/07t4x2s	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where in hungary did b√©la barsy pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0761wq	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/bridge_type	www.freebase.com/m/0157l1	What type of bridge is mezcala bridge?
www.freebase.com/m/05mby8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0kw1n5y	whats the title of an episode of the suite life of zack and cody
www.freebase.com/m/0sgxmqg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145m	what specific kind of music does papa chango write
www.freebase.com/m/08shlcv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was the book protestantism published
www.freebase.com/m/0z85h70	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	which country is jonas forsang moksnes from
www.freebase.com/m/0lfr1hb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0m0xn2	what is the release track on colosseum
www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026cmhk	Who is a notable person that was born in copenhagen
www.freebase.com/m/04hsgyv	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	what is the publishing company of puzznic
www.freebase.com/m/02rvkvq	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/iso_setting	www.freebase.com/m/01xrg58	What is an iso setting found on the  olympus e-510
www.freebase.com/m/0561x1k	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what is tom urbani's position is baseball
www.freebase.com/m/044nyv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hn6	what is harbord collegiate institute
www.freebase.com/m/06wp8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what is darashaw nosherwan wadia's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03hmfjj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	What is the genre of the film green dragon
www.freebase.com/m/0dkb5_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07kg3	where is castel focognano located
www.freebase.com/m/0ftyg50	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kx4w	What sort of music is featured on recitation
www.freebase.com/m/03cb5kr	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/030zdm	who was the composer for tears of rage 
www.freebase.com/m/02l61s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/078_8dm	what is la rioja province (argentina) considered
www.freebase.com/m/08kv8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0889d	What is the birth place of vahan gevorgyan?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgg8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/025r_t	where was andy todd born?
www.freebase.com/m/02hl_5s	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08z84_	who published the game galaxy fight?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxcv0n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in the film  the gold retrievers
www.freebase.com/m/04b81w	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01cdk1	where did operation planet x take place
www.freebase.com/m/0mh3qsj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f72ms0	what is a release track from renee
www.freebase.com/m/0g9w9cr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	what kind of music is
www.freebase.com/m/0fcznb	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what is the primary color for camden catholic high school
www.freebase.com/m/07h4t6	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mq7_r	which artist is signed with telarc international corporation?
www.freebase.com/m/02klb9j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01c8v0	who wrote lyrics for the mans too strong
www.freebase.com/m/01m7zcz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is a shining symbol
www.freebase.com/m/0dq2203	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_qp_	which genre of music did salem associate with
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/07yr2n	Who is a male character
www.freebase.com/m/0bgjqjc	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/018gq3	What film did rosemary burrows do the costume design for?
www.freebase.com/m/0mhfr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hj3h8	Name a country rock album. 
www.freebase.com/m/03548	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cppry	what river does gabon partially contain
www.freebase.com/m/01ssf9t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0t_hssk	What is the name of an album by dj khaled
www.freebase.com/m/03hmh2r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what kind of movie is foreign intrigue
www.freebase.com/m/0qhdmb_	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0462ph1	What's the featured artist on get up!
www.freebase.com/m/0f7svwn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was perfil released
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0k04z0b	what is an asteroid discovered in 1978
www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/07xfm3	whats an example of a shooter game
www.freebase.com/m/0949x3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is jane swisshelm from
www.freebase.com/m/02z85z1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is the subject of shroud for a nightingale
www.freebase.com/m/0hnfmqb	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producer	www.freebase.com/m/026vn72	who was the producer for the production closer?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gc21m	which movie is documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/07k612c	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02ztjwg	which language was used in the film magic waltz
www.freebase.com/m/02rks11	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What is john b. haskin's profession
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/036nt_	who was an american football player and a participant in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/0d51js	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What european country is matteo moment√® from
www.freebase.com/m/02rp1jq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was sybil written in
www.freebase.com/m/0cz7x8t	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what film format was cantata filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0sn0m	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	Which timezone is warsaw located in
www.freebase.com/m/01kj_38	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_yt	who is the performer of 36 all time greatest hits, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/05b2f_k	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0f3m1	What's a film art directed by leslie dilley
www.freebase.com/m/0dddbk3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01bgkq	where was karl burdach born 
www.freebase.com/m/0g2tkwm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0my9cld	What song can be found on the musical album subterranean?
www.freebase.com/m/0dntqz_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	What is mr. sunshine a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/04xkyd4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	Which type of binding found on the book titled mysticism in modern france
www.freebase.com/m/0d1mb3	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what group of people does paul hodes's ethnicity classify him as
www.freebase.com/m/02t51x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01dhnq	Who was the author of bill, the galactic hero?
www.freebase.com/m/0wglrft	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0w6y3c1	what tv series began in 1996
www.freebase.com/m/048b6_9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is verona in?
www.freebase.com/m/0n6p__z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033bwf2	Name a track from the release, oslo.
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04ycrv4	what is a fantasy tv title
www.freebase.com/m/09wp1z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what kind of tv program is rollergirls
www.freebase.com/m/042hcz	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/03clntq	what works have been written by ted dekker
www.freebase.com/m/0kfb1k4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02kmm	Which country is responsible for the film breath
www.freebase.com/m/01jw2jf	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q41sd	Which artist released the album truth
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y1c7r	What orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/01ylmk	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/stance	www.freebase.com/m/02w_xk3	What type of boxing stance does ji-won kim have
www.freebase.com/m/031812r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kshtq1	what is a track off of the album titled the power of love 2
www.freebase.com/m/0h_g16w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is adrien robinson?
www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	www.freebase.com/broadcast/genre/content	www.freebase.com/m/045ztz_	what broadcast plays new age music
www.freebase.com/m/06nl6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hbk7k	what are some examples of albums by simon and garfunkel?
www.freebase.com/m/09v92gh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is alex wynter's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04j2l1f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	which genre is inspector gadgets last case: claws revenge
www.freebase.com/m/0kmkv	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02r0pc9	what did lysander spooner author
www.freebase.com/m/0c9cm_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0zlt9	where was doug west born
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02ry9wf	Name a person born in california
www.freebase.com/m/0djy52v	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/0m3cj	what is an example of a male urologic disease?
www.freebase.com/m/0k345	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0b6dzmr	What is a name of an album by "Avant-Garde"?
www.freebase.com/m/0mvs75n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f_f_8m	what album is quiet storm a song on
www.freebase.com/m/0zrv6cp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what kind of film is secret service?
www.freebase.com/m/0j50k8g	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	Which position does the basketball player jack cooley play
www.freebase.com/m/05d334	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07g0_	whats the location of jurriaan andriessen's death
www.freebase.com/m/0mg_yh9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0g31w4y	what is the recording from copenhagen?
www.freebase.com/m/02_3rpq	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02bm1v	who published ratatouille?
www.freebase.com/m/05x1tw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/08n1m7	who is mac macleod signed with
www.freebase.com/m/026tg8	www.freebase.com/boats/ship/ship_class	www.freebase.com/m/01c4xv	what kind of ship is ss jeremiah obrien
www.freebase.com/m/0h3j_w9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0h3jzl3	what release is blue on?
www.freebase.com/m/0py1_vf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	in football what position does tserenjav enkhjargal play
www.freebase.com/m/0jqly	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/02cqbx	who designed costumes for double indemnity
www.freebase.com/m/0bwl5qm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is dmw greer from
www.freebase.com/m/015d7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kinds of movie is bad day at black rock
www.freebase.com/m/0nn66b_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/055kfg	Which artist recorded phoenix?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3py7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What kind of book is murder by tradition
www.freebase.com/m/02znlk	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/01t12z	what larger neighborhood does  port richmond belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0ds829	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0b4_dk	what is the name of a book about outdoor life
www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dh37g	who is a pitcher born in philadelphia
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/06yhz5	name a book that focuses  on the subject history
www.freebase.com/m/04720r	www.freebase.com/book/magazine_genre/magazines_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/028017r	What is the name of a magazine of the literary magazine genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtl03	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is convoforce
www.freebase.com/m/01jtwf3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/018t5h	what label is lavern baker under?
www.freebase.com/m/047csmy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the primary language in the film  transformers 2
www.freebase.com/m/0l70ygp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/034ys7b	What album was deep purple released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01sbp1h	Who is an artist of  blues-rock?
www.freebase.com/m/03y15td	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	In which region was the 12539 chaikin discovered?
www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dnc6__	what releases have universal music group put out?
www.freebase.com/m/05g6gw	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what religion does david azrieli believe in
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rh7q1	Name a progressive rock album
www.freebase.com/m/02vpnfj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0_xdd	where is carnton located 
www.freebase.com/m/0fghl1z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/014f18g	what is the canonical version of bewitched?
www.freebase.com/m/05q4c99	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	which european language is traffic jam spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hpxjzz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	which city did bruno c. becker die
www.freebase.com/m/0flbsv	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	What type of computer video game is Astra Super Stars? 
www.freebase.com/m/02rpn46	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g3bc	Where was arata furuta born
www.freebase.com/m/05p34kd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d9jr	what city on the west coast is the place of birth of richard a. jones
www.freebase.com/m/01mr8hq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is the very best of sailor?
www.freebase.com/m/027vzdh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/016zwt	which country is parijat (writer) from
www.freebase.com/m/034nwb	www.freebase.com/opera/opera/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	Which language is the opera eugene onegin (opera) in?
www.freebase.com/m/052t4tf	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/vehicle_types	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what is the vehicle  type of a 63 woodside
www.freebase.com/m/0106qz	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone does patton village belong to 
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/093d57w	What is the title of a netflix documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzm8v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	what state is kensico reservoir in?
www.freebase.com/m/04gpgb0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is woman of rome classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j0t3f	what movie is a type of family film?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtjy9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is  spondylocladium 0.1 injectable solution given
www.freebase.com/m/09v4dp1	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/059z0	Which entity took part in the lyuban offensive operation?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_m9f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is gregory monro a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y21bc	Name a type of solar system.
www.freebase.com/m/0hwxm	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/057r60	what are titles of historical novels
www.freebase.com/m/0gkgfh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where was the organization called pageflakes founded
www.freebase.com/m/027pcp1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n1rj	Where is roosevelt elementary school located?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfh070	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is michael kenworthy from
www.freebase.com/m/01qzry	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01wy6	What is an instrument that graham coxon plays?
www.freebase.com/m/01l5x6m	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of ain't nobody home!: the very best of b.b. king
www.freebase.com/m/02pqq3v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is marek koterski
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/063z3_w	what Polish movie is drama
www.freebase.com/m/03blgp	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_sex/horses_of_this_sex	www.freebase.com/m/0hht3jq	what is a famous horse that was a filly
www.freebase.com/m/02h70f	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/01xwv7	who created the chappelle's show
www.freebase.com/m/05m176q	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/region	www.freebase.com/m/06mtq	Where was the 1971 penfolds grange made
www.freebase.com/m/01p67_q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l96k	What type of music is played by dead meadow?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wbw0s	which book belongs to the fiction literary genre
www.freebase.com/m/04n4r1d	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position on the field does yeo hyo-jin play
www.freebase.com/m/0vb3lsv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190yn	what genre of music does buddha bless produce
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g935jf	What compilation album did Osvaldo Pugliese release?
www.freebase.com/m/05_ncl	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0m2l9	who was influenced by the shadows
www.freebase.com/m/06_prw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where was katie cassidy born
www.freebase.com/m/0btj0	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0289xnv	What is the name of a film that was created by buster keaton
www.freebase.com/m/02qg6_q	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02qdyj	what company did publish brothers in arms ds game
www.freebase.com/m/0gf94r6	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does stephan grossmann do
www.freebase.com/m/0h34rdx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04n2vgk	which artist made the album  nasa music 2: space dreams
www.freebase.com/m/017syz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c9plsj	who is a male that was born in huy
www.freebase.com/m/0f57x6	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/013y1f	What's an instrument that george c. baker played
www.freebase.com/m/01w5ht	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	what is arthur hallam's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1x46	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/012zh1	what is a story of dempsey
www.freebase.com/m/012hw	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/026rv9_	Which Russian writer's cause of death was believed to be assassination?
www.freebase.com/m/059kh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04pbzw	what artist is part of the new wave music genre
www.freebase.com/m/01mtppn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01c5hlb	what are the tracks recorded by tygers ofd pan tang?
www.freebase.com/m/05xc8_	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01wl_t	In what major city is Quebec Autoroute 20?
www.freebase.com/m/03c63xh	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/06tkfy	joseph taylor robinson house is an example of what type of architecture? 
www.freebase.com/m/0846v	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02897kf	which dome is located in wyoming
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03mclnl	What's a food that can be eaten by people practicing veganism
www.freebase.com/m/01vgb7	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	What kind of car is the dodge aries
www.freebase.com/m/05_qg	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04w03sr	what is a work by peter f. hamilton
www.freebase.com/m/0_jkn6f	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/08sjb2	who composed the kiss?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkbkdn	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/performed_at	www.freebase.com/m/0m5l1	which theatre does dirty rotten scoundrels perform at
www.freebase.com/m/0clw7xm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	Which state is the total international career institute located in
www.freebase.com/m/01k6n52	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03962m0	Name a release from the album happy hollow
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hs2gg	what is an album with studio content
www.freebase.com/m/03tmr	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/positions	www.freebase.com/m/02qvgy	What is a position found in ice hockey
www.freebase.com/m/0fj_y_	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/082mw	who wrote the story behind the razor's edge film
www.freebase.com/m/01p3tzf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what type of music does e-town concrete make?
www.freebase.com/m/030gy9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c1d0	Where was william henry allen's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02qjjg0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what genre of film does the big road belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01309x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0fqffmx	Which label is james taylor signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0fr47rb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is best album shiro-ban?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06w1m_	Name a thriller (genre) film from the 2000's
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02qsyzf	What is the name of a forward in football
www.freebase.com/m/0wd7nrb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03xl77	What artist recorded were the greatest
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04g4bf	Who is a heavy metal artist?
www.freebase.com/m/03mbp_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is melchior berri
www.freebase.com/m/016jny	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03cf0p9	which album is in the folk rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/0dfxdbc	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/incompatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	which diet is lump crabmeat incompatible with?
www.freebase.com/m/01k0vzj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what type of artist is birchville cat motel
www.freebase.com/m/06c9t0	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/locations_served	www.freebase.com/m/0rbql	What city did the poudre school district serve
www.freebase.com/m/04t17vh	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what is the genre of the book dirty tricks
www.freebase.com/m/025sl7r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025sc50	what genre of music does monrose belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp16s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03yw861	what type of attraction is malbork castle
www.freebase.com/m/0h4s_bb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Jim Beggarly?
www.freebase.com/m/07xq6f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is broughton astley
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01kx016	Who is a rhythm and blues artist?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05n543z	What's a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0807kv9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what style of music does lindy robbins perform in?
www.freebase.com/m/04zz9wh	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	Which instrument does chris willsher play
www.freebase.com/m/0809lg4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/079yvq	where in the world is bishop stuart university
www.freebase.com/m/0f63qrl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03byhpr	What artist recorded red dawn?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h3t351	Name someone who was born in toronto
www.freebase.com/m/09lbv	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03g_f1	Name a drummer
www.freebase.com/m/0g26hw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of book is tricksters choice
www.freebase.com/m/01brkjl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03qfbg	what artist recorded french?
www.freebase.com/m/0ycfw7k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	which city was johan inger born 
www.freebase.com/m/026m5vd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is a place like this?
www.freebase.com/m/01jngs	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h4jhx	which politician was born in salem, tamil nadu?
www.freebase.com/m/0h78kc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender group does susan owens belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01nkg23	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pchq0	which tracks were produced by the artist enoch light - terry snyder and the all stars?
www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/05h55g0	what is an example of a sports game
www.freebase.com/m/0crvp1y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre of film is no ordinary love
www.freebase.com/m/0k3d7ry	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What sex of zlata is
www.freebase.com/m/04wddnd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	What's the topic discussed in from the bomb to the beatles
www.freebase.com/m/03wf2v4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02dc3_	Who wrote \\"l\\" is for lawless?
www.freebase.com/m/049rkg9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was  released?
www.freebase.com/m/02x6tvn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is max alexander's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh7ngl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what country is bugis street from
www.freebase.com/m/047v2l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	What swedish city was gerard de geer born in?
www.freebase.com/m/06kvys	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h5yxm	What is castle crags
www.freebase.com/m/0cmqq6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the show master blasters broadcast
www.freebase.com/m/08y1wh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is pocoyo from
www.freebase.com/m/0bl9mz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	What kind of movie is the horror of frankenstein
www.freebase.com/m/01q291j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what type of rock is doppelg√§nger categorized as
www.freebase.com/m/04gqvfp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0f870q	who is the director of dying changes everything
www.freebase.com/m/0djd0xw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	what country is the great composers: johann sebastian bach from?
www.freebase.com/m/0287wc9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what genre is carljah
www.freebase.com/m/02rnmv_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/010804	what was jimmy starr's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/013n0n	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03d7yt8	Who was born in corpus christi?
www.freebase.com/m/0crln4	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	which war did neil hamilton fairley get involved
www.freebase.com/m/01p6xx	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dfv2xn	which film did joel schumacher direct
www.freebase.com/m/08gmyk	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0n5d1	where does the millstone river originate at?
www.freebase.com/m/025nx8	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/024_jv	which city is river dee, aberdeenshire in 
www.freebase.com/m/0qhdk89	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did masters of rock have?
www.freebase.com/m/0fbjtx6	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country produced the album back in line
www.freebase.com/m/0gj6pd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what genre is the forbidden kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/02rcj53	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what is the language spoken in nightmare city
www.freebase.com/m/02vr77c	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/029m83	who directed the film the scalphunters
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsy9q	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	What type of drug is chaetomium globosum?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0ffx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	What genre is the film Dancing Lion?
www.freebase.com/m/02rhwjr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	what kind of show is mobile suit gundam 00?
www.freebase.com/m/0lp7y	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0kqb0	What is the administrative parent of metropolitan borough of rochdale?
www.freebase.com/m/02vp4g8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	This is the ethnicity of lynette boggs.
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjszk	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color does atomoxetine hydrochloride 25 capsule come in
www.freebase.com/m/05ztzx7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0pz7h	Who wrote the tv episode the natural order?
www.freebase.com/m/036bbpd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was snow: the get easy! christmas collection released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0119l4	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	WHich time zone is meteor in
www.freebase.com/m/0q3yzld	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j1z8	Which country is ahmed khoory tower in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtlv8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is azolen
www.freebase.com/m/0z4408g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is simon hawkins known as
www.freebase.com/m/091vcr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftjx	where was dimitar penev born
www.freebase.com/m/027fjgs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xhypc6	what is a song by franco ambrosetti 
www.freebase.com/m/037gg2_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What type of format was a bit of what you fancy / bitter sweet & twisted released as
www.freebase.com/m/047svd7	www.freebase.com/aviation/airliner_accident/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/0q03j	What type of aircraft was air lanka flight 512
www.freebase.com/m/01jl7jt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01twfp	who created ganging up on the sun
www.freebase.com/m/01nncmc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dn16	what genre of music is pr√®s de toi
www.freebase.com/m/03qsdpk	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w88sw	what is a theatre book?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4w0mq	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/03gyr36	what film was shown at 2008 filmfest hamburg
www.freebase.com/m/024t1_	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0xff	what is abdel aziz al-rantissi's ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0cdw6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/034jm4	which actor was born in halifax?
www.freebase.com/m/0gvbjv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What profession was baltasar de la cueva, count of castellar?
www.freebase.com/m/03wc1tl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is sudesi
www.freebase.com/m/054h4vx	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/04wjsn	which road movie did jerry wunderlich designed the set for?
www.freebase.com/m/060h5s	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/034rd	what is the washington crossing named after
www.freebase.com/m/0cf6cw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	which city is the mike flowers pops from 
www.freebase.com/m/01jsn5	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxpqv	what is university of connecticut
www.freebase.com/m/03mn56	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dvzzk8	which album is created by evermore
www.freebase.com/m/043pwml	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what kind of music is played on the v shows
www.freebase.com/m/0b3bcx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	which city was georges doriot born
www.freebase.com/m/043mzyt	www.freebase.com/book/journal/discipline	www.freebase.com/m/0193x	What type of discipline is acta biochimica et biophysica sinica
www.freebase.com/m/04t1w0b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	what is the school for sin about 
www.freebase.com/m/0qchmy7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06dk_	which musician contains halleluya: the very best of 2001
www.freebase.com/m/0srx6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is boxholm based in
www.freebase.com/m/0f8w6q8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is scores (songs from copacabana and harmony)
www.freebase.com/m/01l9ysj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8_kt0	What track is sung by the rascals
www.freebase.com/m/04wgr5f	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0rqg	what subject is written in fishing bamboo
www.freebase.com/m/06w36wz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nlz0_j	what is a track from jj?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrdpj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the current legal status of raw opium gum 30 pellet?
www.freebase.com/m/04w2x_1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	What is the subject of the work the hand of esau?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3grs	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what instrument does caroline k perform with 
www.freebase.com/m/0g5snw3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05jbn	Where are the dirt drifters originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/02y_f81	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cvw9	What is aneek dhar's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0mnq6	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/010myn	which towns are located in isle of wight county?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6b6mb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ps1q	what is the place of birth of ralf j√§ger?
www.freebase.com/m/080b1cd	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/080b1cd	whats a campuses that belongs to parker university  
www.freebase.com/m/04q8qc3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0m_1s	where is wilhelm beck's death place
www.freebase.com/m/05h1nt7	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vc3pz	what is a book that was published by  book jungle publishing company
www.freebase.com/m/06llgk	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/0c82w7	whats the name of a law enforcement agency
www.freebase.com/m/02qhm_6	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/049r0yq	What was the soundtrack called for the movie mister lonely
www.freebase.com/m/015dnf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nvwb5	what is yasser seirawan known for 
www.freebase.com/m/07hc7r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	which genre is dragon ball z: broly ‚Äì second coming 
www.freebase.com/m/043l863	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what is a 9822 hajdukov√°
www.freebase.com/m/045v7y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	is michael staniforth from united kingdom or united states
www.freebase.com/m/04t_2kw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0h0p_	who authored and edited mike
www.freebase.com/m/02x793d	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was la mia risposta released in
www.freebase.com/m/05y02tk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	Where was harry a. wilmer born?
www.freebase.com/m/08627w0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of movie is waiting for yesterday
www.freebase.com/m/0c3bcl_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is emmanuelle laborit known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/05x8n	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/05qg2_2	What is the name of a popular book written by poul anderson
www.freebase.com/m/0bvqq	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bt_8	Name someone who was interred at westminster abbey
www.freebase.com/m/0nr5sgg	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical medium was mcmusic hits 2008
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0g_j8r	what school is a type of public school (government funded)?
www.freebase.com/m/01m8_y4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p4bvy	what track is by helen shapiro?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8sw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_flavor/drugs_with_this_flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0hqq65t	Name a cherry flavored drug
www.freebase.com/m/025v3k	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what is university of minnesota's school color?
www.freebase.com/m/029jsny	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/01lnd3	in which topic gallery does flatiron crop 20040522 114306 1 appear in
www.freebase.com/m/08chpb	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01p8qnf	Who was named for xiu xiu: the sent down girl?
www.freebase.com/m/01t265	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05rz1k	what movie was produced by hal roach?
www.freebase.com/m/027ftfz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03_c8p	who was the publisher of the game  jersey devil
www.freebase.com/m/0wyytnx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03yxbm	where was nikos lambrou's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/02vnl87	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of book is the far shore of time?
www.freebase.com/m/0kd_8jf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What kind of a film is keenan at sea
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fqzswx	What's an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/03p85	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0472gy_	what place of worship is in himachal pradesh
www.freebase.com/m/02z0myv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is prinsesa ng banyera a drama or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/02hwmq0	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/03v09	what is the language family the shahmirzadi language belongs to
www.freebase.com/m/0_vvzhn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0162b	What nation is prashant john originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/054qwxj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what is hwang byung-ju's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/042zkxs	Name a piece of art that is made from oil paint
www.freebase.com/m/04v2b1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtgsx	whats an active ingredient in nevirapine
www.freebase.com/m/0lx2l	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/052hl	who is the inspiration of jim carrey
www.freebase.com/m/025sd3c	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/053tkd	what is a symptom of hypoxemia
www.freebase.com/m/04qhdf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/02r4frs	Which station does cumulus media own?
www.freebase.com/m/0rpgh_n	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	Which position was ching-ming wang known for playing
www.freebase.com/m/025tkr6	www.freebase.com/chemistry/chemical_element/chemical_series	www.freebase.com/m/07gvd	What type of metal is chromium?
www.freebase.com/m/04b65ls	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	what state is bishop in
www.freebase.com/m/079vp5	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02bc6	what is the software genre of openoffice base
www.freebase.com/m/0cbgst	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04kqqrn	What color is kintamani
www.freebase.com/m/035bbx	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisors	www.freebase.com/m/027skz	Who's an advisor for robert s. shankland
www.freebase.com/m/0bcqvm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	what kind of music is on everybody's crazy?
www.freebase.com/m/0c4wvm6	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06ct_fs	what was written by pramila ramgulam bennett
www.freebase.com/m/02wys5l	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/06j2v	What is the ethnicity of romani rose
www.freebase.com/m/05nymcd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	what city did lou perryman die in?
www.freebase.com/m/051yfyc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is still kicking: the fabulous palm springs follies filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02wh0	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/03mrjl	Which writer did friedrich nietzsche influence?
www.freebase.com/m/026v5	www.freebase.com/computer/software_developer/software	www.freebase.com/m/070x__	what software has digital equipment corporation developed
www.freebase.com/m/04b5r	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv9f7	what is the active moiety of ketamine 
www.freebase.com/m/03j2tpr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hknf	where did bobby durham pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0190y4	www.freebase.com/music/genre/parent_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what genre did dub come out of
www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv9dx	what film is a romantic comedy?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftj29c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What type of album is bert kaempfert & james last in concert
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pspdv	what is in illinois
www.freebase.com/m/0vbb2xf	www.freebase.com/event/disaster/areas_affected	www.freebase.com/m/0q76g	what area was affected by the may 18‚Äì21, 2013 tornado outbreak
www.freebase.com/m/07ztnb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/032cn9	who directed the movie 
www.freebase.com/m/06t8b	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03hhm7y	what film was produced by steven soderbergh
www.freebase.com/m/0hlpk3j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where was Arnaud Roth born?
www.freebase.com/m/0n6t0x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/011xhx	What band recorded new york groove
www.freebase.com/m/0dwgq2p	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of noi lazzaroni?
www.freebase.com/m/0gx35jr	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	where is 62nd regiment indiana infantry from?
www.freebase.com/m/08d71g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what is lars eriksson's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03b8zd	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/03gvt	what instrument did john evan play
www.freebase.com/m/04t3tfb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02rrqhx	who is the author of amazing grace?
www.freebase.com/m/0807c3h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06qm3	What kind of film is the movie brazil
www.freebase.com/m/01q3rgv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was the magic of alma cogan released
www.freebase.com/m/0k33p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02lcm4	Name someone who was born in birmingham
www.freebase.com/m/07nn_0l	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	in which country does comuna 1 function
www.freebase.com/m/0fqsh_y	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what formatting does ricochet have
www.freebase.com/m/05fw_1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/045rxd	what label is david vanian with 
www.freebase.com/m/026nhbx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what east coast city did paris theodore die in
www.freebase.com/m/0_xvn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0msm7	What county is smithville a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_service_type/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/040vgb_	which transit lines does the bus services in phoenix, arizona?
www.freebase.com/m/06w2cq7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what is the nationality of gerardo esquivel?
www.freebase.com/m/03f5b8	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/07x415	who is the parent of shoichi nakagawa?
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03wc1w9	What movie will be found under the india netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/02z34d7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what kinds of movie is razor blade smile
www.freebase.com/m/03cc065	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where did st. gerard majella annual novena die
www.freebase.com/m/02hspy	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04j20jh	which movie did agnieszka holland write
www.freebase.com/m/0hqswsl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	whats the legal status of tadalafil 5 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/05pws	www.freebase.com/food/dish/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01jxcj	What is an ingredient of an old fashioned?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs0fld	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	What kind of film is imaandaar?
www.freebase.com/m/0271wgl	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fcwj	which artist is signed with delicious vinyl?
www.freebase.com/m/0ghtfvz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What kind of movie is facade
www.freebase.com/m/0pc3th2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what kind of film is alzheimer - a postponed reality
www.freebase.com/m/016fcv	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	The university of surrey features what school colors?
www.freebase.com/m/0388q60	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pwkfy	what's one of the tracks on terraform
www.freebase.com/m/02vsxpg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02k_kn	What kind of artist is jock bartley?
www.freebase.com/m/013wwh0	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fzqkg9	what is a single from paris
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jn250	what's an example of a live album
www.freebase.com/m/0w1tf9n	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What style film is whats left, whats lost?
www.freebase.com/m/0hyqv3d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	Which genre of film is the hands of shang-chi
www.freebase.com/m/013v1d5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lmptyr	what is a track from edgar allan poe?
www.freebase.com/m/03hv7	www.freebase.com/user/tsturge/language/letter/alphabet	www.freebase.com/m/04n0p	what written language is h in 
www.freebase.com/m/01k5y0	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/096hm	who wrote victor victoria
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wbs2s	what is a book about history?
www.freebase.com/m/018mwr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03nfmq	What was the profession of the main character in the book The Fountainhead?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3xjym	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kh2m1	which artist released live from across the pond?
www.freebase.com/m/06w3vby	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/04193s	to what film did hamilton deane receive film story credits?
www.freebase.com/m/06_9v0p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is accordeon
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt274	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of standardized mite d. farinae?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05cybl	Name a 1971 drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0yq43q_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what movie genre is noah considered
www.freebase.com/m/012bd8	www.freebase.com/geography/island/body_of_water	www.freebase.com/m/012b91	What body of water surrounds bass rock
www.freebase.com/m/0f8vz26	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f1y006	what is a track on the release meatland
www.freebase.com/m/0d6_8r	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/04hx87	who wrote the story the reckoning?
www.freebase.com/m/06c58gc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04lg6	what is the subject matter of leonardo da vinci
www.freebase.com/m/080kc3z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s72n	what kind of music does dj heavygrinder make?
www.freebase.com/m/02_7n0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Tintern is contained by which nation?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1tg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxhy5_	What is the active ingredient of formulation of glutamic acid
www.freebase.com/m/0jvh845	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language does sean carlos speak?
www.freebase.com/m/02nxqy	www.freebase.com/base/computerscience/cryptographer/algorithms_designed	www.freebase.com/m/02xbt8	what algorithm did joan daemen create
www.freebase.com/m/0ffx0wy	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	infidels was released in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/03st9lk	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what type of license is wey source farringdon?
www.freebase.com/m/01ld1ff	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre does american music club belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0_yvx3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x0wx7	which artist recorded rhapsody on a theme of paganini: variation 22
www.freebase.com/m/08jp4w	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/026wp	What ideology is championed by buddhist liberal democratic party?
www.freebase.com/m/05sr4x2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of fictional character biscuit?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7lf_s	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02z428	what is the active ingredient of juvisync
www.freebase.com/m/0clw24r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	What country is automeca technical college located?
www.freebase.com/m/0c18t4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016y3j	What style of music does up dharma down perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0137830	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01wp8w7	who is the producer of midnight special
www.freebase.com/m/05236b9	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	which art medium is jack crabtree known for 
www.freebase.com/m/03xj1	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0drxbbc	who was an artist associated with the impressionism movement
www.freebase.com/m/0w54t7	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fx28zw	what is the name of the version of the single new orleans
www.freebase.com/m/04k15	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0np7gh6	What's an album featuring ludwig van beethoven
www.freebase.com/m/0ryv9ps	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06frc	What country was marcus licinius crassus from
www.freebase.com/m/0c24s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/07cf39v	What's a show made by edmond hamilton
www.freebase.com/m/0h7ylq0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country produced geeta in paradise
www.freebase.com/m/0w_vvd_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre is runways & bunkbeds
www.freebase.com/m/015882	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02q1xv7	what album was created by linda ronstadt
www.freebase.com/m/02hl63s	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0f0w2	which console was happy feet published on
www.freebase.com/m/01jgvc0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03bnv	who recorded the album living in the material world
www.freebase.com/m/0k_pdnf	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0vgld6	What's the name for the recording version of new south wales
www.freebase.com/m/0f1xt3	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/regular_featured_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/0414cn	who is a manga series is neptuneman in
www.freebase.com/m/01jzq3	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/06_dvk8	What is common chaffinch a type of
www.freebase.com/m/0b3w054	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	what is the profession of lena dunham
www.freebase.com/m/05b3_k4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was charms of the night sky?
www.freebase.com/m/03h5jds	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09nwwf	What kind of music is gabriella cilmi
www.freebase.com/m/0v9hc5c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is jessica nichols a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/039wbb5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lt7l_5	What's a song on stark naked and absolutely live?
www.freebase.com/m/02rchht	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bnhmx	What movie is jon avnet credited for producing
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jknx8	What is the name of an album that was released as an album?
www.freebase.com/m/04bp8t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt964	which formulation is contained of polydimethylsiloxane
www.freebase.com/m/05j0w	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hmrmh	Name a game from the nintendo entertainment system.
www.freebase.com/m/0bm8ln4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	What is reda el amrani known for?
www.freebase.com/m/06pn_7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01j922	Where was maharajkumar of vizianagram born?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l6ddd	what is an alum released by sizzla 
www.freebase.com/m/0gr34_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is airuno
www.freebase.com/m/09xp2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/05kwl3	what powers does sailor moon (character) have
www.freebase.com/m/02qldm5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of school is mary d. bradford high school
www.freebase.com/m/09p64z1	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0j2c3	who developed mass effect galaxy
www.freebase.com/m/05dlzmn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/03cs80w	What tv show is food an episode of
www.freebase.com/m/0cr31fs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Where is indore institute of science & technology located?
www.freebase.com/m/0b4nmcs	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0ds33	what film did lawrence a. hubbs direct
www.freebase.com/m/03czd6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/09ddx	what is baby huey
www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8npp	international relations is the subject of what literary composition
www.freebase.com/m/037gl7_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was stroboscopica released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0cryg8h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What kind of film is great big sea: great big dvd
www.freebase.com/m/05zwb_1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does  ney mello create
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp86q	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	What shape does doxycycline hyclate 100 tablet come in
www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01sr00z	Who's a musician that writes film scores
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22df	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cg142	Name a foreign action & adventure
www.freebase.com/m/0hqg_qv	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what color is synthroid 25 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/04ghbll	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what type of music is lady danville known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9xhwy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0md6f	where was djoumin sangar√© born
www.freebase.com/m/0281hj4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/027v_cv	who is a founder of grolier club?
www.freebase.com/m/04fzx_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What profession does Lucy Russell have?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02pn5px	What is the name of an action film
www.freebase.com/m/0g6l_tk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	what types of music is p.a.r.c.e.
www.freebase.com/m/05dtyl2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/06m960	what series had the episode pilot 
www.freebase.com/m/02q_k6q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02ntjm	who is the writer of chance and necessity
www.freebase.com/m/02b2g0	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/06zp3s9	What is a film created by mosfilm?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05mqpp6	what foreign artist sings pop music
www.freebase.com/m/0jxbmt6	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0kvrb	who made the music for the mexican suitcase
www.freebase.com/m/0gcn7r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0cyn3	which county is cold spring harbor light located 
www.freebase.com/m/02zmyv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xjl2	what type of music does  switchblade symphony create
www.freebase.com/m/0crvmn0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	the sweet pussycats can be found under what genre on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh6m_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre is the film jalsa
www.freebase.com/m/01ml7z8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kx4w	Which music genre is the musician silverstein 
www.freebase.com/m/0nh45fr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What country is progression from?
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/05q06p	who is a male character?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfqqz0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	where did chris oneill die
www.freebase.com/m/033ld75	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what kind of format os a very special christmas live released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbznpj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What format was concierto de aranjuez released as
www.freebase.com/m/064jxq	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/027p7gy	who was involved in the cultural event second battle of fort wagner
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dlh0rr	Name a compilation album.
www.freebase.com/m/01k7vzp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	is saigon kick heavy metal or rock
www.freebase.com/m/044npb	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is yuriko yamamoto's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/07cglgs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released the communist manifesto
www.freebase.com/m/0718c2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is knockaround guys filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0164c4	www.freebase.com/book/audio_book_reader/audio_books_read	www.freebase.com/m/01z0kry	What audiobook did kelly ripa read
www.freebase.com/m/02pssk7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05lls	What music genre does xavier montsalvatge perform?
www.freebase.com/m/034dc17	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0y5n_l	what is a song from the ultimate party album iii
www.freebase.com/m/043qcmn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what type of music is sung in the you aint woman enough album
www.freebase.com/m/088dvh	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/04ydrsn	what ethnicity is robert aumann
www.freebase.com/m/01bjbk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5s8l	what movie genre is pillow talk (film) categorized as
www.freebase.com/m/01v3cpl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016y3j	What sort of music does plexi play
www.freebase.com/m/049kfzb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m6g3m3	what is a song off the heart of rock n roll: 1964
www.freebase.com/m/0jyz2s	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bm7x	what film was eric boyd-perkins the editor of
www.freebase.com/m/026rvfs	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/026rxdb	what is the origin of mohican river
www.freebase.com/m/02vpj8h	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of art did filippo bellini do
www.freebase.com/m/0278649	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ldt5n	Name the artist of the album "Let it Flow".
www.freebase.com/m/01kf2y0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07gxw	what music genre is northern star 
www.freebase.com/m/03096q	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/guidebooks	www.freebase.com/m/0q_37w9	what guidebook is for the burdur province
www.freebase.com/m/01fzvd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	What city did irving klaw die?
www.freebase.com/m/02pr04s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fb_c_j	what is a track by mo foster 
www.freebase.com/m/07xcvj	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0ysrws0	what did peter flannery write
www.freebase.com/m/0hgq8	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0fwh3	what is a character from the play antigone (sophocles)?
www.freebase.com/m/09rndgc	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is another name for devon w. carbado's black ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0ch43pv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of celestial object is 25669 kristinrose?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07gm83	what is a film in the comedy-drama genre
www.freebase.com/m/03gbwqy	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/094xh	who is the artist of ultimate oldies channel? 
www.freebase.com/m/0mzz64p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0lbyq5	what is the release track on fearless
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0w3_y85	which album is live album
www.freebase.com/m/03w9w58	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is st. ives
www.freebase.com/m/04j1797	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of movie is the new guy
www.freebase.com/m/02hwjws	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0fv4v	what country is b√©t√©, daloa language  spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/07l4zjn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What was the genre of netflix title giulia doesnt date at night?
www.freebase.com/m/0mr551	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031xp4d	what is a release in 1999
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0schr	What's the name of a village in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0309lm	who is known as a voice actor
www.freebase.com/m/0t5by4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01njwtz	who recorded the song cairo
www.freebase.com/m/0cn75	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/0xn6	what alphabet does egyptian language use?
www.freebase.com/m/02j2w7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/063_tr8	What is an album by  ronnie milsap?
www.freebase.com/m/04v4gfl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What is the binding type of the book the republic (penguin classics)?
www.freebase.com/m/0bj6jy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	where did bartolom√© blanche die
www.freebase.com/m/017mf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	where does bela fleck originate 
www.freebase.com/m/0fq570w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what genre is dick tracy ii'
www.freebase.com/m/05chtg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0dp1l7l	what record is part of santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/04whfw7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02728k	Who is the author of how to make $100,000 a year gambling for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/05b9xw3	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/02vzx9	which profession is professional poker player a specialization of?
www.freebase.com/m/09s3c5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is matt lindstrom
www.freebase.com/m/02x6888	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is edmund grierson's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w832p	what's a book about the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0clhjw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the green glove filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0k2hn4b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of micah lawrence?
www.freebase.com/m/0vb53yw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	which country did buch in de bajes originate from
www.freebase.com/m/02pq1gb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	What platform was attack of the killer tomatoes released on
www.freebase.com/m/0wfqnl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0ft2ml2	What is the original recording of christopher columbus called?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6fz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01bc9m	where did philip ii of spain die
www.freebase.com/m/0h6nxs	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position is pavel badea
www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0sgcrtd	what is an indie pop album
www.freebase.com/m/04t3pc4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What is the spell of the black dagger categorized as?
www.freebase.com/m/0yqk3ps	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	what country is campo de ourique in
www.freebase.com/m/01jdd0k	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m3x5p	marsalis standard time, volume 1 is by who
www.freebase.com/m/04w6h_k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	What was arabic political memoirs and other studies written about?
www.freebase.com/m/012j2r	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	What is Chris Tarrant's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/027bzmd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09tlh	Where was nicholas crafts's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/07rd7	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/01qxc7	what film is  tim burton known for directing
www.freebase.com/m/0cryd6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what is ed alonzo's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0b759l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01jv1z	what label is the skeletal family under?
www.freebase.com/m/018ty9	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0g03hv	What film was russ meyer a cinematographer for?
www.freebase.com/m/03tp4	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/01kcry	what is an infectious disease
www.freebase.com/m/02r188p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09f3c	Where did prince carlos of bourbon-two sicilies die
www.freebase.com/m/04js2tb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02nwq	what is the subject of the jewish century?
www.freebase.com/m/02rfl2t	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gczc14	who directed bheja fry (film)
www.freebase.com/m/05zqqkb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03b79	which empire is leonhard kaupisch from
www.freebase.com/m/097m_1	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what is a country who practiced communism 
www.freebase.com/m/05jrsv	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0h3y	in which location did middle east theatre of world war ii take place
www.freebase.com/m/0y3pl7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033gv1j	What was the release for scientist?
www.freebase.com/m/0w3mrgx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	What genre of music is the album longneck bottle?
www.freebase.com/m/048qnxw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01x73	where is hadlyme located?
www.freebase.com/m/05g30q	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	in which conflict did frederick benteen participate in
www.freebase.com/m/033dbw	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0415svh	Who produced beloved (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6qhcq	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0c4y2_r	what is the name of the book whose edition was titled peru
www.freebase.com/m/02p3my	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bh7_xl	Who was born in shimla?
www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/027_t26	who is an artist that plays contemporary christian music
www.freebase.com/m/01mr2g6	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jmmx3	What are some pieces by greg graffin
www.freebase.com/m/0c412nt	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0264mc8	which organization was founded by kim moody
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03g5nt1	which album is pop rock
www.freebase.com/m/0cq063	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	What is the legal structure of the henry schein organization
www.freebase.com/m/0np5dqf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was forbidden broadway: rude awakening?
www.freebase.com/m/04gsmlh	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0kg3d8m	who wrote the story to kukan?
www.freebase.com/m/025sxhg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gddvj	what is an electro-industrial genre 
www.freebase.com/m/04t37_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is lillian evanti from
www.freebase.com/m/0821j	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07w21	who was a big influence of william gibson
www.freebase.com/m/079k9h	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_championship_event/runner_up	www.freebase.com/m/05tfm	Who were the runners up in the super bowl xlv
www.freebase.com/m/0qczp	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/03dtz8	who founded joint united nations programme on hiv/aids
www.freebase.com/m/0b_mxz	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what is hans kornberg ethnic background 
www.freebase.com/m/065sprl	www.freebase.com/travel/accommodation/features	www.freebase.com/m/024bm	what feature does the hotel del sol have
www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0ngh9	what is a county in mississippi 
www.freebase.com/m/09sh27	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is la commare secca
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03c8j0l	which artist specialize in painting
www.freebase.com/m/05vtw	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_specialty/hospitals_with_this_specialty	www.freebase.com/m/0hr988k	Name a hospital that specializes in psychiatry
www.freebase.com/m/04t1h4r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/05qb_x_	The book remember me is a part of what series?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8gkjz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the region of give yourself away?
www.freebase.com/m/02rbptx	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/075wq	who was st. patrick high school named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0d7g22	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0193mz	where was cino da pistoia born
www.freebase.com/m/01wpy9f	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0l14qv	Which instrument did steve helstrip play?
www.freebase.com/m/03cxzkt	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0pkr1	Who produced the film yes, madam
www.freebase.com/m/01hr4cv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the music 14 shades of grey
www.freebase.com/m/04t2rqn	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what genre of literature is the book red ribbon on a white horse in?
www.freebase.com/m/049_3qy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	where in the united states is highwood
www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bzrbn	Name a romance novel
www.freebase.com/m/0b76kw1	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02plb56	who was the director of the film temple grandin
www.freebase.com/m/0cbxn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is bastia in?
www.freebase.com/m/09v5jt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is buron fitts male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0lnc097	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	is radica jovicic from austria or russia
www.freebase.com/m/0pc44yj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	bigshot is a film from what country?
www.freebase.com/m/04w6pv_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what is the topic of the book the life of erasmus?
www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05q8_kk	what artists are signed with emi?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmxt6	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	which condition does greg harris suffer from
www.freebase.com/m/03jf94	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04lhjqx	Who's a soldier born in altshausen
www.freebase.com/m/0c0491x	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0w0cw	What is the location where jan ret√®l died?
www.freebase.com/m/0w87p	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone does dovray belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdvmj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of album is the essential judy garland
www.freebase.com/m/01jqmb	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbw63	On what station is suzi quatro played on
www.freebase.com/m/04ry2p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of ashanti alston?
www.freebase.com/m/0ghytb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is cuveglio in
www.freebase.com/m/024xrch	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c3hzc	What is the name of the soundtrack for the movie soldier
www.freebase.com/m/02rs4fz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	What is the nationality of emilio comte?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmz0y	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/02rx2k	who is the producer of the walgreens urinary pain relief 95 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01qr8dz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what genre of music does catfish keith produce
www.freebase.com/m/03c_fpq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	where was the film the angry river filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02p5nzm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what mode is international superstar soccer pro played on?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_bgt5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f04mz	which group recorded cocaine
www.freebase.com/m/065_dqw	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what football position does yevgeni tarasov play
www.freebase.com/m/01dd0g	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_4v	what drug has atropa belladonna as the active ingredient 
www.freebase.com/m/03g0_rc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ksqk	what is the name of the artist for the album  arjuna : into the another world
www.freebase.com/m/02hm92v	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qky9	what is the publisher of the game version of wings of fury?
www.freebase.com/m/01dz7_t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kncxgd	what is a track on english
www.freebase.com/m/01w07h4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0142wtd	what track is by son of man?
www.freebase.com/m/015t34	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the famous jett jackson from
www.freebase.com/m/0ql3vw0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is matthew karatz's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgt1x	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/05s38	what does kolorz 27.2 foam aerosol taste like
www.freebase.com/m/0fydg9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	where did renu saluja die?
www.freebase.com/m/010cbj4	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/016h90k	Name a version of the single girls just want to have fun
www.freebase.com/m/0y92_c2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0vmc2f	What is the name of the recording from the track you get what you give
www.freebase.com/m/0cq24kg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/026s6x	what are tv sci-fi & fantasy series
www.freebase.com/m/04t305h	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	Which genre is the book invitada de honor from
www.freebase.com/m/0287477	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was wanted released in?
www.freebase.com/m/01jnh3g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05841	who is the artist on the album overkill (album)
www.freebase.com/m/02vxzvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/03xwc9w	what is the king of kong: a fistful of quarters's movie song
www.freebase.com/m/0byc_6_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is danny zorn's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgfrf	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is spironolactone 25 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01wyh97	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	In what US city was leo nocentelli born?
www.freebase.com/m/01p4d_x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0glt670	What genre of music is mc breed known for?
www.freebase.com/m/02rtx_w	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is now thats what i call music 23?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05lp2j1	what's an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0pyj6vx	Who was born in new york city?
www.freebase.com/m/05xrj4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What caused the death of martin gabel?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4s1p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c9v6	who recorded brightly dawns our wedding day
www.freebase.com/m/0jt2fzx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is dancing mad
www.freebase.com/m/0njj6y4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is seth hanser's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048wb30	What is a location contained within georgia (u.s. state)
www.freebase.com/m/03ccdbl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is derek rutherford's occupation?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03hmbth	Name a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/02r3zy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	Foo Fighters produce what genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/03d1jyk	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of mortimer folchart
www.freebase.com/m/04v_m2q	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01_3yf	who is the author of sahara?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmhlt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0643t	What platform is the game the matrix online made for?
www.freebase.com/m/03hnb3m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22wv	what types of movie is lumo in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/048qd6b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p0fc	In what city and state are the meadow hills
www.freebase.com/m/0t_hn9n	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	whats michael lathams profession
www.freebase.com/m/09k13wr	www.freebase.com/film/film_series/films_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/0f7djb	what film is in the series taxi
www.freebase.com/m/04qr6d	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0djych	what films have been produced by vishal bharadwaj?
www.freebase.com/m/07w_jb3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	which language was red angel originally made in
www.freebase.com/m/0h68vlq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	in what language is the film shehnai
www.freebase.com/m/0y0t5m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03497w4	which album contains vienna
www.freebase.com/m/05gnnp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pycxp	What tracks are by tribal tech?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0b6hq3q	which historical event took place in 18th century france?
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03x_x2b	what is a film in the genre silent film
www.freebase.com/m/0g2291	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	What kind of music does the horrors play?
www.freebase.com/m/02qx8wy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	what is the genre of the album dance like nobodys watching
www.freebase.com/m/0snzmjk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	Where was brothers in arms released
www.freebase.com/m/0crw63c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What is the genre from the film scotty moore & friends: a tribute to the king
www.freebase.com/m/03v0q6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/027tdfr	What's an album from alien sex fiend
www.freebase.com/m/076y18	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/06jtx	What family is grand duke paul alexandrovich of russia a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h7p9ft	Name a mystery film
www.freebase.com/m/04jl0z9	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/02qwhnb	what kind of mountain is the ida ridge
www.freebase.com/m/03j7qc0	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where was monday morning all right for party originally released?
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04_k0r4	which irish novelist was born in london
www.freebase.com/m/03fcgz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is garrett hedlund's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0fqq1bb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/043g7l	which label is cam√©lia jordana signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0crsnbb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	What is the topic of the title maria callas: living and dying for art and love
www.freebase.com/m/0fydw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02r5szd	Name a person born in Antwerp.
www.freebase.com/m/0g0p93d	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the physical format of the release blackout
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0277k_4	Who is a progressive rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/0fwkmpd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mrttgx	what is a track from no frills?
www.freebase.com/m/01h_9bw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music can be found on home for christmas
www.freebase.com/m/02843vz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what is the genre of every given moment?
www.freebase.com/m/0n6lyr7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0339xd3	which release contains the track paris?
www.freebase.com/m/02pxlgc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is paul delay's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01lyb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/type_of_fictional_setting/settings	www.freebase.com/m/03vw8k	where does continent take place 
www.freebase.com/m/0gxv47	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is peter cattaneo recognized for in the movie industry?
www.freebase.com/m/08g9k1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0g7yx	what is giovanni tuccari's place of death 
www.freebase.com/m/06k3nw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is mary lou fallis from
www.freebase.com/m/0g8dp31	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what kind of format is dance floor party 2010, volume 2 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jsn6c	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02qk23y	Name a drama film by theodore j. pahle.
www.freebase.com/m/06x_74	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	what type of music is the album  best of the beach boys vol. 3
www.freebase.com/m/01jmsnw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what genre of music is the album a hard road
www.freebase.com/m/02x57_8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dm00	What kind of tv show is the rerun show
www.freebase.com/m/018gqj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0t0gd6	what song is by the artist burt bacharach?
www.freebase.com/m/01fg0l	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01p8my	Who developed automake
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/057hp_	Name a biographical film.
www.freebase.com/m/03sx6v	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/028x00	who is of german canadian ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hggtn	What is the title of a rock music album?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_ggsw	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What type of format has the vocal anthology, volume 1 album?
www.freebase.com/m/07c7x9	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gz_	who was ibn al-nafis influenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/0c81gd	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/032db	what is the license for the software omegat?
www.freebase.com/m/01_xjh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	which country is malia, crete within
www.freebase.com/m/04tphg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0569xc	Where was david dunn born
www.freebase.com/m/01jrgs9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is the most happy fella (original broadway cast)
www.freebase.com/m/0g5y6	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0f9xlx	What is the name of a pornographic Hungarian film star?
www.freebase.com/m/06_2kyk	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	what is the architectural style of  trinity & st. philips cathedral
www.freebase.com/m/0pdtfnz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of caitlin dahl?
www.freebase.com/m/09v479x	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/035d6q	Which artist is responsible for
www.freebase.com/m/09_kyd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which nation is the film state of the union located in?
www.freebase.com/m/01hvpq8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02x3b5v	What is the name of dar williams's 2003 album
www.freebase.com/m/021jck	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysj	what type of topic is maverick 
www.freebase.com/m/09pxc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j52_10	Name a person born in palermo.
www.freebase.com/m/04t4gw2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what is the genre of the book prophet of moonshae
www.freebase.com/m/016tt2	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0dj5h_	what is a 20th century fox film produced in 1959
www.freebase.com/m/045tty	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	Where is the japanese chin breed from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gb00c7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02m77	where was  moira lynd born
www.freebase.com/m/04c1l2l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	Tetotum, Virginia is located in which state?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_mn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03mp8k	brad wilk is under which record label?
www.freebase.com/m/040vk98	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/disciplines_or_subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What is the subject of locus award for best science fiction novel?
www.freebase.com/m/03bxh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0vyj1zx	which album was produced by george frideric handel
www.freebase.com/m/0hn1w_r	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/09cpvg	Who is silvia scola's father
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03d60lm	what is the name of a forward player
www.freebase.com/m/07n670	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is university of konstanz in
www.freebase.com/m/04gl4nj	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which football position is played by winston marshall
www.freebase.com/m/08xw_q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	Dutch artist birgit schuurman is associated with which record label?
www.freebase.com/m/060yl2	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/06qnz	What is the ideology of the political party ecological and environmental movement?
www.freebase.com/m/03ns876	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country is afr√¢nio a second level division of
www.freebase.com/m/03fj0py	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what region was you're such a freak released in 
www.freebase.com/m/03g04wh	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0fjr2m8	What was way of life's primary release?
www.freebase.com/m/02pksnn	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_team/division	www.freebase.com/m/031fsz	what division is the western illinois leathernecks men's basketball in
www.freebase.com/m/027pmn6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015qh	What nationality is valeri petrov?
www.freebase.com/m/06q3r2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is the book fletch won
www.freebase.com/m/01vvjhx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01qprxj	Which artist released the album toots thielemans?
www.freebase.com/m/04w58	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_scope/organizations_with_this_scope	www.freebase.com/m/06b4vn	whats an organization that focuses on monaco
www.freebase.com/m/04290v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d6hn	Where in cuba did bibiana antonia manuela torres acosta die?
www.freebase.com/m/039g5x9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was another day released?
www.freebase.com/m/0v3nnqt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016376	what musician published its your thing
www.freebase.com/m/01h8780	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is where am i going??
www.freebase.com/m/021vvd	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/rocket_engine_fuel/rocket_engines	www.freebase.com/m/03g0sk	what type of rocket engine uses rp-1?
www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/03mhbsl	what is a private school?
www.freebase.com/m/0380xfl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/019fm69	what track is from the release  backseat travelling
www.freebase.com/m/0qdns78	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039x9gf	what album has gunshot as the release track
www.freebase.com/m/026509	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l_v1t	What's a track from the ventures
www.freebase.com/m/0ndbcwn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0gh3fx	Who is a character of jojo's bizarre adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkr5y	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	surviving urban disasters  is what type of tv program
www.freebase.com/m/03ct3xh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is rolf henne
www.freebase.com/m/02_z06	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	isabel sanford  practices what religion
www.freebase.com/m/0dgr7hv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What genre does the netflix title Sing, Sinner, Sing belong to
www.freebase.com/m/026wck9	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0c625	what is the subject of rainy dog
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04lgkd7	Which film is a silent film?
www.freebase.com/m/06c1wt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does eva marcille do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/027pvps	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	what genre is the dark man and others
www.freebase.com/m/0gs0x9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01b8w_	where was mary ann sieghart given birth
www.freebase.com/m/04t38j_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03lrls	the sinking of the bismarck is a written work in what timeframe after the post-classical era?
www.freebase.com/m/0zjjgc5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03c7ln	Who was the composer for hoodoo voodoo?
www.freebase.com/m/01n_sw4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/047v4cq	what is an album by dozer
www.freebase.com/m/090qxp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03nk0g	what kind of program is gay usa
www.freebase.com/m/030tj5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/01dqz0	What is the name of a program created by dick clement
www.freebase.com/m/0gckldz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	Where was arna-maria winchester born
www.freebase.com/m/09v71cj	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0g54h2q	which film festival was the beaver shown in
www.freebase.com/m/01vsl3_	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gb_nz	what content is by john lennon?
www.freebase.com/m/048qznj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m2jl	which county does mansfield depot belong to
www.freebase.com/m/041_hrb	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what kind of license does andrew johnson hold
www.freebase.com/m/03cywx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What type of gameplay mode is neon genesis evangelion: iron maiden 2nd
www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0c03gdc	Who is a fictional artist
www.freebase.com/m/07yvwk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09d11	What was the cause of death of jan mark
www.freebase.com/m/0fqqw0p	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dnsmxf	what is a track from cool women: the best vocals?
www.freebase.com/m/02qkc8c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what type of film is khoon pasina?
www.freebase.com/m/0tlb7h8	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02846h6	Who directed the film murder
www.freebase.com/m/026s0_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	What profession is Esm-artificial?
www.freebase.com/m/016y0b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what film genre is the hudsucker proxy?
www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04lcx2	Who is an artist of nu metal?
www.freebase.com/m/0q0ytq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m99m0	which artist did the recording renee
www.freebase.com/m/03y7nzy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star in the milky way galaxy does  17909 nikhilshukla orbit
www.freebase.com/m/02qzpdz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01b8jj	where was margaret way born
www.freebase.com/m/0crt7zg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of netflix film is in the blood?
www.freebase.com/m/02z7q_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specializations	www.freebase.com/m/0f75y	what specialized work can domestic workers pursue?
www.freebase.com/m/02299z	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	What time zone is brzeg located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvzz	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/098s2w	in what film was harrisburg featured in
www.freebase.com/m/0mdm5	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0247kg	who is one of nefertiti's children
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03f_rjj	what album is considered pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/07z7yy	www.freebase.com/base/eating/practicer_of_diet/diet	www.freebase.com/m/07_jd	What kind of diet does pippa black have
www.freebase.com/m/0m76b	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03d9fc1	What movie did roger corman produce
www.freebase.com/m/05q673p	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what language does nikolai yut speak
www.freebase.com/m/03xpqgs	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_66py_	what lyrics did dante gabriel rossetti write
www.freebase.com/m/0lgsq	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_68477	What composition did melissa etheridge write the lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0fkh6	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/01mf4n	what are cities within orange county
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qz8__	which movie is horror
www.freebase.com/m/0kvrb	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/03kmz8	what movie did michael nyman create music for?
www.freebase.com/m/03xx1fl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	what kind of album is return of the pride?
www.freebase.com/m/03y37ty	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What celestial object is 20856 hamzabari classfied as?
www.freebase.com/m/01wk97t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what style of music does james labrie perform 
www.freebase.com/m/0dpnpd3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of music is sentimental journey
www.freebase.com/m/01mhy44	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/071vr	what is the origin of the artist battalion of saints
www.freebase.com/m/08w02x	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what is an instrument that urs b√ºhler has played  
www.freebase.com/m/01qwpzh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kk4f7h	what is a song on kiss + swallow
www.freebase.com/m/02825cv	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/05ty4m	who wrote the film walk hard: the dewey cox story
www.freebase.com/m/0crz_q0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01qzt1	What genre is queen: rock montreal & live aid
www.freebase.com/m/01vwd7x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/05szyrh	what album is by jayceon terrell taylor?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0sjn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0l4h_	What genre of movies is the mating habits of the earthbound human
www.freebase.com/m/0hgl4hp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0wp9b	Where in mississippi was nathaniel h. harris born
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zlvv6z	What is the name o a composition that is in song form
www.freebase.com/m/0b_zypb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is raphael martinho's sex
www.freebase.com/m/01vshc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is henri la fontaine known for?
www.freebase.com/m/03ch9tq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	is bloodline fiction or non-fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0q9lt5q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0q9z_k6	what is a song of the the stranger: 30th anniversary legacy edition album
www.freebase.com/m/0419jp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is sharpe (tv series) spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0wxxws2	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04lyntw	who produced september
www.freebase.com/m/0v_15rn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What music genre does the album bz the best xxv 1988-1998 fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/045zvg2	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vzx45	Name an artist known for radioio classic hip hop.
www.freebase.com/m/0kb6b11	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01lxl6	who is christopher haley's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdv1bn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Is diablo iii overture a song or an album
www.freebase.com/m/0282mfk	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what are the official colors for st. peter's college, johannesburg?
www.freebase.com/m/04rv_6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/05_wxv	nintendo entertainment analysis & development developed this well-received Nintendo DS title. 
www.freebase.com/m/0_k9cwq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Is thats that a song or an album
www.freebase.com/m/01v5h	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03gsqgw	What is the name of a film directed by cecil b. demille
www.freebase.com/m/064177	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did frances marion die?
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05f62zc	Who is a famous actress born in england?
www.freebase.com/m/04cy9fp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country created the trust 
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gdmtv	Name a bollywood film
www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/06t62p	Name a shooter game
www.freebase.com/m/03q622b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	what is the contentious french about 
www.freebase.com/m/06p4d3	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/03xn0d	what school district is bartlett high school in?
www.freebase.com/m/075_t2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cr533y	Which is an educational institution for management located in punjab, india?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0xd9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0qcrj	Where is pianist and composer taylor eigsti from?
www.freebase.com/m/03hwpy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01qb_x	where was the birthplace of nik abdul aziz nik mat
www.freebase.com/m/040c45w	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/stops	www.freebase.com/m/07j75k	what is a stop along the route 32 - 32nd street
www.freebase.com/m/02qvzf	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0cpfkj	Who is an example of a goaltender
www.freebase.com/m/018833	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03c2h62	Who is someone that was born in sandefjord?
www.freebase.com/m/03cfcsx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What kind of movie was love and courage
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtgj2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/06vqn8	What is an active ingredient in the body shop vitamin e moisture spf 15?
www.freebase.com/m/07vyft	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06f32	what nationality is chin-hui tsao?
www.freebase.com/m/01lnvw	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01zsl1	Who is the mother of edward, king of portugal?
www.freebase.com/m/0qzfptm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is claude dolbert
www.freebase.com/m/03gfzm5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What's a famous type of film character
www.freebase.com/m/073sk4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is arthur teele from?
www.freebase.com/m/064qw4c	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What kind of music is the oscar peterson plays the jerome kern songbook album?
www.freebase.com/m/043pf3p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	which country is d√°vid kulcs√°r from
www.freebase.com/m/0h3l7x6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02z06h	What is the location where sidney wilcox died?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kn22s	What is an example of a studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/01741h	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kq2	which religion does louis theroux believe
www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/03wb56h	what game is an adventure cvg genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0crw4jp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What is globe trekker: great historic sites classified under on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04cxvw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0y1rf	Which city has the area code 585?
www.freebase.com/m/01j47m	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/bridges	www.freebase.com/m/034q37	What bridge can be found over the yarra river?
www.freebase.com/m/01v1_3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dj28j	which footballer was born in canton of nidwalden
www.freebase.com/m/0lv1x	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/events	www.freebase.com/m/04fk3cx	what event is in the 1928 summer olympics?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_kz_r	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03r_k	what is atuat akittirq's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6xj2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0lxksr	What is the composition fever a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/01wy9d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who is abbe huc
www.freebase.com/m/0lml6c5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038c7j2	What release featured the track i'm every woman
www.freebase.com/m/06ty8d	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/bridge_type	www.freebase.com/m/01v4lt	what type of bridge is the richmond bridge, london
www.freebase.com/m/030kxw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what literary genre is  days of war, nights of love
www.freebase.com/m/064l9gm	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/04gfy7	what is rajiv shah's ethnic background?
www.freebase.com/m/0j2577l	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05ll37	what is the main profession of jim huber
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsyvy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of citric acid anhydrous and 13c urea 4/75 kit
www.freebase.com/m/0fw2jzc	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in what format was the singles collection released 
www.freebase.com/m/03gw3zp	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/041fqg	who directed drive a crooked road
www.freebase.com/m/02psfr1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film in love and war in
www.freebase.com/m/0fdp85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01r9ghy	what album has folk music?
www.freebase.com/m/06mbwp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03hky3t	Name an album by TVXQ.
www.freebase.com/m/0ccq1t	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/0j1f0yk	what book does elizabeth wakefield appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0gjc_79	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	what music genre does neil carlill perform
www.freebase.com/m/0dp1gx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/013d7t	where is james stroud originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0jxp7d2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	what form does triclosan 0.0015 liquid come in?
www.freebase.com/m/04zz68v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	what type of music does dan mullins make
www.freebase.com/m/01ssrn	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/06_5k4	Who is the child of william e. miller?
www.freebase.com/m/02q4sfk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/02sq_q	Which episode did david livingston direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jppw8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	What language is songs and dances of death: ii. serenade in?
www.freebase.com/m/0czd53q	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which war did harley sanford jones participate in
www.freebase.com/m/08ly7p	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/07t89n	what type of aircraft is shenyang j-11?
www.freebase.com/m/0cv9fc	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gy9w8_	Who directed walter hill (filmmaker)
www.freebase.com/m/01fsnyr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is doli saja ke rakhna
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01_m17	which composer was born in germany?
www.freebase.com/m/0frf7_m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mp50c6	what track is featured on love with silver spears
www.freebase.com/m/01v59t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mfm8g	what tracks have been recorded by lorin maazel?
www.freebase.com/m/034wq9	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0k95h	What is enalapril used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/06xt_27	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/05p70tc	who is the writer of lost
www.freebase.com/m/01lkwdq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	What type of music genre is "Carrying On"?
www.freebase.com/m/0j294np	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07t13s	what sort of music does your side affiliate with
www.freebase.com/m/02r_9_g	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	Who publishes the game you are empty
www.freebase.com/m/04q1yrj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	whats billy lustigs nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03zj416	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what country in the montessori oberschule potsdam
www.freebase.com/m/0crwcn6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is pastor jones: heavenly voices written in
www.freebase.com/m/01kqlhq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is the very best of the jam an album or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/05y82p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rmwd	which city was adrian mcpherson born
www.freebase.com/m/0bbws_4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is quarantine the past: the best of pavement?
www.freebase.com/m/037y5w	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/070yc	what genre is harlock saga
www.freebase.com/m/0kt_rf	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h5vh50	who was the production designer for the film daddy day camp 
www.freebase.com/m/03f0r5w	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/06z88sv	what tv episode has david wain written
www.freebase.com/m/04b9s8x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fjy	where in the southwest is lone wolf located?
www.freebase.com/m/09vq_qp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	in which language is the kavi movie spoken
www.freebase.com/m/046kw4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015pdg	what type of rock is in the eye of the storm
www.freebase.com/m/0cn182	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country did boo! come from
www.freebase.com/m/0frdv5	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/0hcx5	Who was an advisee of the academic frederick mosteller
www.freebase.com/m/03qgdwy	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03qcnf	What is a film that dana stevens wrote?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxbj_n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of dimenhydrinate 25 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsks6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	what is the form of application of castor oil and balsam, peru 87/788 ointment
www.freebase.com/m/02qld7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	which russian city was prince paul of yugoslavia born
www.freebase.com/m/08bzc3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	which kind of film is perfect stranger (film) in?
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04dyz3d	which album is rhythm and blues
www.freebase.com/m/0dhqyw	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/03wbs41	What is the name of a film that vidyasagar (music director) contributed to music to
www.freebase.com/m/047m5xs	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre of film is 1320: a west coast story
www.freebase.com/m/03cfts5	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	who executively produced the film  i am because we are
www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/05n0262	Which piece of artwork is an oil paint?
www.freebase.com/m/0286d9h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what city was michael rothenstein born in
www.freebase.com/m/0f0jfrt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lkc99	what song is on the release the dream of the blue turtles?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bf5xb9	what's a compilation album released in 2008
www.freebase.com/m/070prx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is max joseph von pettenkofer's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01jy568	who is a jazz musician from the 1930s 
www.freebase.com/m/0dmhg98	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/018ndc	which female band created the album ready to run?
www.freebase.com/m/02wv910	www.freebase.com/medicine/condition_prevention_factors/conditions_this_may_prevent	www.freebase.com/m/01j66c	which condition may be prevented by pegfilgrastim
www.freebase.com/m/0bv9wqj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	What was alicia aller's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/03zvk46	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country was kiss hitlist 2002 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04ct7v4	what's the name of a man who was born in melbourne
www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t0j0p	What is the name of a psychology book?
www.freebase.com/m/01qwwbt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	Where is the artist the lab originate 
www.freebase.com/m/06_tz5w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	what country is yanina zhejmo from
www.freebase.com/m/0gcp1ws	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Which country does shimako iwai have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/01s5pqk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0f9pfx	What record company is shininghalmstad a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0cd1gq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0tpbz	where did luther gulick die
www.freebase.com/m/0dvcprg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0408tvw	which artist recorded remember me
www.freebase.com/m/0s85d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03m6wqs	Who is someone born in kewanee, illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/051yjft	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0bpjh3	what group of people live in humayra abedin
www.freebase.com/m/011d5_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0824r	Where is clintonville
www.freebase.com/m/03hk5hg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ogedayspace's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0_tkz_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is colored pencil?
www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0ds__8	which 1987 film was based on the vietnam war?
www.freebase.com/m/0902k5	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wcyxz	What is the name of a book written by jon rappoport
www.freebase.com/m/04jns0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	what is the cause of death of jon king?
www.freebase.com/m/09k0tsk	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05q96q6	what is a movie that has been art directed by anthony caron-delion
www.freebase.com/m/0smzdy0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nkz9mq	Which is the release track of the album ?
www.freebase.com/m/04dyv5j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xn7b	what is fireman jim flynn's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02752lw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04kr	What organism is jack tafari
www.freebase.com/m/0njzs	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/036hcyk	Name a release produced by steve taylor
www.freebase.com/m/053tc2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	What is the subject of the book the diary of a young girl?
www.freebase.com/m/01w2vnt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01q940	what label is los gatos under
www.freebase.com/m/04ydc_s	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does martin abena have in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/060vrd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rzd_	what city was joe burns (american football) born
www.freebase.com/m/01w7nfv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018qd6	where in japan was maimi yajima born?
www.freebase.com/m/027fsrl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is david brazier
www.freebase.com/m/01kq_fb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	whats the music genre that the artist  freur makes
www.freebase.com/m/082rgy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03yw861	what is winchester castle 
www.freebase.com/m/0wcrg7s	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	what is make your mind
www.freebase.com/m/02qssf_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the devil and daniel webster filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/01npxy_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	what kind of album is rising force
www.freebase.com/m/0b83rn	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02gq9y	what type of school is bishop neumann high school
www.freebase.com/m/058nql	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	where can new jalpaiguri be found
www.freebase.com/m/05fg43	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	what country is nieves mathews from
www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05yx6g0	what is a novel about family
www.freebase.com/m/04t334f	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of book is written in venom
www.freebase.com/m/0487ws6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country is shark
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0c3yj16	Name a pop music artist. 
www.freebase.com/m/04hdtd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What was James Stokes' profession? 
www.freebase.com/m/01vl17	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04hvnp	what film did osamu tezuka write?
www.freebase.com/m/0crsdyc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What genre is puppet films of jiri trnka a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/04jncsm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	what type of dialect is spoken in the tiramisu movie
www.freebase.com/m/0zhzh1g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0mm7n	who wrote the lyrics for grim travellers
www.freebase.com/m/01j9jz	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/03896	What is the parent disease of the tar syndrome
www.freebase.com/m/027l34z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vwbts	who composed life for rent?
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0270w8q	what structure can you find in united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/0b6khhd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is stef√°n logi magn√∫sson male or female
www.freebase.com/m/018stbt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vqv7j	who recorded the song israel
www.freebase.com/m/04w3yl2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what's one of the subjects covered in the un security council
www.freebase.com/m/0njxj	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0v1jf	Which village is in arenac county?
www.freebase.com/m/09lmw0y	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/03_f0	What is the name of christiana dorothea bach father
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m9b	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02q4nkf	Whats the name of a bollywood movies thats on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0dlr5q	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what kind of game is pirates: the legend of black kat?
www.freebase.com/m/06_n0l	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/06734m	who is the composer of the song if i had $1000000
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wfkbx	what book is a speculative fiction genre?
www.freebase.com/m/04z79n	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	What corporation developed windows movie maker
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cmb_6j	what is a 1966 french film drama
www.freebase.com/m/0h96ym2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is (10603) 1996 uf4
www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0f4vv9	who was born in michigan
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09rr39n	which lloyd bacon movie qualifies as a musical film
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02q2twg	what is a residential community  in the northern coastal area of San Diego california
www.freebase.com/m/0j3_p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ftn8	Where was the place of death of ramon llull
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h1gg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What profession is john santilli?
www.freebase.com/m/01pr9wj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album we'll be together again
www.freebase.com/m/080xsk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is su tong female or male?
www.freebase.com/m/0zw6f3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023g9f	who is the artist that recorded reunion?
www.freebase.com/m/0dyytl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nb5z	which city is west london institute of higher education based in
www.freebase.com/m/0fqkhg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	is ten pin alley single-player or multiplayer
www.freebase.com/m/02qkssv	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0bq4j6	Whats the name of a child of frank gibney
www.freebase.com/m/0rzkc17	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yzx8	Where was c.b. hoadley born?
www.freebase.com/m/05klb	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wg1_r	what is a book about organic compound
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hqjqk	which rock music albums were released by Billy Idol?
www.freebase.com/m/080fx5x	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is edwin r. murray's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/09gffmz	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/051zy_b	which movie was produced by andrew scheinman
www.freebase.com/m/0nzmt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03gy_2g	what airport is found in glynn county?
www.freebase.com/m/0c090jb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the genre of the film unman, wittering and zigo
www.freebase.com/m/03jg82s	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did warriors have?
www.freebase.com/m/01yfp7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0kfws5_	who is the founder of gap inc.?
www.freebase.com/m/0_45ngc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is davies building in?
www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/063pj4	What is the name of a battle that took place in portugal
www.freebase.com/m/0nc8z0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/067pmn	who produced the song nobody
www.freebase.com/m/0339wp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01r32	where was nolan baumgartner born at?
www.freebase.com/m/01lypy6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is time and love: the essential masters
www.freebase.com/m/0965zx	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is the leslie thompkins
www.freebase.com/m/04jht2	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01hwt	what is joseph spence's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0zxd9tt	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the best of the emi years
www.freebase.com/m/0dyyhw	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0cv3w	Which area is served by the station kelv-ld
www.freebase.com/m/04c1fhy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mpf8	where is metompkin located?
www.freebase.com/m/0h08kc	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	in what country was the ister filmed
www.freebase.com/m/02q7jyr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is dallas roberts originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0b6dlsp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was boss hog released 
www.freebase.com/m/08wt87	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06qm3	what kind of movie is the bobo
www.freebase.com/m/0mn6	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03cq48	What is the name of a person who is an architect
www.freebase.com/m/04j33rt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what kind of film is black death
www.freebase.com/m/05c60xz	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/09vc4s	What is the ethnicity of madelyn dunham
www.freebase.com/m/04bvfc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is jesse wharton's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0xdxf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	which state locates gregory township
www.freebase.com/m/050wwb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0163zw	what type of music does die krupps play?
www.freebase.com/m/0hb86gv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c_m3	where was jeremy jones born?
www.freebase.com/m/0g68_v	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	what war was  frederick j. karch apart of
www.freebase.com/m/03qx1r	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0562d6	Name an artist from ariola records
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03yl4vn	what is the planetary system of the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_8701	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lpk3	Where was mike gossin born
www.freebase.com/m/0ycrc8g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016j55	What artist recorded american dream (remix)?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4jfj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type ofbook is picture perfect
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtc3y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what classification is the drug sodium sulfacetamide and sulfur 0.05 kit
www.freebase.com/m/04tssqx	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/035qh3	what organization is responsible for publishing god of the golden fleece
www.freebase.com/m/05wg57x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05fjy	which city was keith wilson given birth at?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9q_m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What is opening day of close-up considered as?
www.freebase.com/m/08y44k	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/05bh0s	which person was the selous game reserve named after
www.freebase.com/m/0np6cqy	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album was lost
www.freebase.com/m/06fhgt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09pmkv	What is fauziah latiff's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/09ygqz	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0czd3fw	in which movie was ken hughes the music director
www.freebase.com/m/0cmd1cq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of justin
www.freebase.com/m/0n5lg	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0xk4_	what city is in strafford county
www.freebase.com/m/0crsqkb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What kind of movie is rin tin tin: the test?
www.freebase.com/m/0129mdy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wqxdq	which musician recorded daniel
www.freebase.com/m/0652mbv	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/disciplines_or_subjects	www.freebase.com/m/016sb3	What is the subject of the freebase best margarita award
www.freebase.com/m/02r6r21	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/068_3t	What is the name of a film that patrick lussier edited
www.freebase.com/m/0ksmp6	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	What position does lamar thomas play
www.freebase.com/m/059_c	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f6_fm	what lake is located in nevada
www.freebase.com/m/0dyynmz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03yzrd2	what album was poison on 
www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wfqxj	which perri klass book is based on family?
www.freebase.com/m/0809k1f	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what defensive position does chris hussey play
www.freebase.com/m/0rmv39	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/027hpsq	who recorded star
www.freebase.com/m/02x8xqr	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what music is played in wsie
www.freebase.com/m/03d0_k3	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	Which war did William J. Obrien fight in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hy_k48	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k181	who directed the film the young and prodigious spivet
www.freebase.com/m/08cnwc	www.freebase.com/award/competitor/competitions	www.freebase.com/m/027yjnv	what competition did simon gerrans compete in
www.freebase.com/m/0jgg3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048s2dn	whats a city that can be found in alachua county
www.freebase.com/m/047s2cl	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05hjmd	who produced hands up!
www.freebase.com/m/0ftlx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0zf3th0	who was born in tehran
www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/067fmb	Name an acoustic music artist.
www.freebase.com/m/0f3cwgs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n2bf1g	what is the major single from israel
www.freebase.com/m/02pxst	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01zdw3	who is the screenplay writer for merry christmas, mr. lawrence
www.freebase.com/m/01przxb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what kind of album is phir hera pheri
www.freebase.com/m/02qrlgj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of paul ekins
www.freebase.com/m/07n68	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/045rxd	what is the name of the record label for the damned (band)?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hz7mx7	what is a drama film 
www.freebase.com/m/03y3t00	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star does 9661 hohmann orbit
www.freebase.com/m/04t0wd7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what is the primary subject of the work  the wild one
www.freebase.com/m/0b6j_ql	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02y9wq	Where was hamish bond born?
www.freebase.com/m/02xqjc	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/02l3gf	what type of architectural style is the borley rectory in?
www.freebase.com/m/02x62k6	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/03c0w1m	what was billy walton's football position?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5pzzf	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w8zwl	Who's featured on a new kind of man
www.freebase.com/m/0gb213	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is castelnuovo del garda located?
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hq172	what is an alternative rock album
www.freebase.com/m/03pttf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	which american sport does marcus allen play in?
www.freebase.com/m/0j513dv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was used in the film sharfik
www.freebase.com/m/03h1r5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/05sfs	to what religion does ng moon hing belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05ftf4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljsr	what is friedreichs ataxia
www.freebase.com/m/05v58gw	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/014l4w	What production company produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnqzs	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where can you find the drug provigil 200 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd6rf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is barbara leigh-hunt's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0fg5fy4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01b78gm	What's a song featured on frank sinatra conducts tone poems of color
www.freebase.com/m/063kf7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is the 6 month rule
www.freebase.com/m/01qtg3n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018hs1t	What album was recorded by √ëu?
www.freebase.com/m/0chzk_3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01pxgq	what is the subject matter of the sacred band
www.freebase.com/m/0b3s8y	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxpqv	What is czechoslovakian wolfdog an example of
www.freebase.com/m/0xv2x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01vyjsy	Who is an artist know for doing industrial rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnc85	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is live dudes 
www.freebase.com/m/0ybr506	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of unpleasantville?
www.freebase.com/m/04lh6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g5r2z_	Which professional footballer was born in liverpool?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxnh7	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	What group of languages does the bwanabwana language belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gtl5hw	whats a 1990 animation
www.freebase.com/m/05zmscy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	Where was cristiano dias born?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9zf7w	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/02rxv_g	what type of architecture was the st andrew's church, willingale
www.freebase.com/m/025smrd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is meatwad
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0gdwbn	who plays the bass guitar
www.freebase.com/m/0480g2b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is whitefish lake located
www.freebase.com/m/0v1f1b6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f25y	where was the death place of dan gerrity
www.freebase.com/m/0d7550	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	who is artur rasizade
www.freebase.com/m/012vby	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05pbgbv	what film was mervyn leroy the director of
www.freebase.com/m/0d8r8	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/018hh3	Who was a famous french writer born in lille?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv8wb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What sort of show is kapitan sowa na tropie
www.freebase.com/m/0mcjgy3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dydq34	what release is little red rooster from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmdlp2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of object is 25049 christofnorn
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q2065x	Name a popular short film
www.freebase.com/m/04r4fx	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/04tkn7c	what is a neighborhood in birmingham, alabama, metropolitan area
www.freebase.com/m/05ssss_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	is buena vista social club at carnegie hall a dvd or a live album
www.freebase.com/m/03c6br6	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06g4_	who was paco ahlgren's influencer?
www.freebase.com/m/0s8x28_	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	Which type of painting is the suicide of dorothy hale
www.freebase.com/m/0z44sk8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was shireen mitchell born?
www.freebase.com/m/0czcjb6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0ky0sqf	what is an episode from witse?
www.freebase.com/m/02qjtcp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is the barber of seville
www.freebase.com/m/065vxq	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01sbdn	Which artist is apart if the victory records record label?
www.freebase.com/m/01wkb0g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what type of music does eric grav√°tt perform
www.freebase.com/m/07_wdn	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06kqt3	What is the official school color of hialeah high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0lq1zqq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03907th	what is the release type of the track tycho brahe
www.freebase.com/m/0h73jf8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01c7y	What language is chowrasta crossroads of love available in
www.freebase.com/m/05mzhnb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What country created the film the monastery of sendomir
www.freebase.com/m/02q3gq4	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	What instrument did james anton play?
www.freebase.com/m/09cj7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of cordelia chase
www.freebase.com/m/072twv	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/056lgv_	Name a film directed by  cedric gibbons
www.freebase.com/m/0nb5nm4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	what is gaby dunn's in the news industry?
www.freebase.com/m/047c12f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fq8f	Where was lars krogh gerson born?
www.freebase.com/m/026_h6d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0zjpz	who composed in these arms
www.freebase.com/m/04j1y3y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the genre for the movie way of the vampire
www.freebase.com/m/076x2q6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country made the film dahmer vs. gacy
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_qfhyg	which movie is drama
www.freebase.com/m/01m8zf3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190_q	what kind of music is on the album sound of confusion?
www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/057st8	Name a star in the constellation of carina
www.freebase.com/m/02s4qv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03b_0gz	What label is hed pe signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0qbbrlr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hgmzx4	who is the singer of gold
www.freebase.com/m/06539lt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what nationality is  michael h√∂llrigl
www.freebase.com/m/02q9jx_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was gods gift to women in?
www.freebase.com/m/02qb4y9	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0520r2x	who did film art direction for the film remember the day
www.freebase.com/m/05mmgr	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	what is  dennis drainvilles religion
www.freebase.com/m/04b5mm	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the united states national rugby union team from
www.freebase.com/m/02k1b	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w_l48f	Name a Volcano in Ecuador. 
www.freebase.com/m/02qczf7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22gd	Which netflix genre does 21 (2008 film) fall under
www.freebase.com/m/03g559l	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was pretty scary silver fairy released
www.freebase.com/m/066xlnn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/026f3t9	who authored the written work long island
www.freebase.com/m/031pxkv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/018kgx4	Name a track off of the release the very best of j.j. cale
www.freebase.com/m/01yyk	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/food_extra/narrower	www.freebase.com/m/0rnxfvx	What is a fruity cereal from kelloggs
www.freebase.com/m/0j65jqp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03m3vr6	why did bugs henderson die
www.freebase.com/m/03m7fnb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01f0jf	where was supaksorn chaimongkol born
www.freebase.com/m/08bb6n	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03s9b	who wrote the film faithless
www.freebase.com/m/01g90yn	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what is the album content type of the album galerians: rion
www.freebase.com/m/09rllk1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	where can midi be found
www.freebase.com/m/0jcx	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0864t	Who influenced albert einstein
www.freebase.com/m/0crt2q2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	which genre does the film mazloom belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0gtd1z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is alan goodall's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0d03k4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of bradley pierce
www.freebase.com/m/08nrgv	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0ftn8	What is the cathedral of st. vincent de paul near
www.freebase.com/m/0pdbb	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/03jt8	What is a game with deathmatch (gaming) mode?
www.freebase.com/m/03nm_fh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m91	What film genre is twilight considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/08twc7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is august mau known for being
www.freebase.com/m/0bbqqc6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02822	what is the film genre of odette toulemonde?
www.freebase.com/m/0325w9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzwf	where city in minnesota was catharine mackinnon  born
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtjgz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	how is the dosage of salsalate 500 tablet given
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtj2c	what drug comes in a tablet
www.freebase.com/m/04my6v6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	where did the show all about eve orginate from
www.freebase.com/m/0yqcfdr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was abi grant born?
www.freebase.com/m/08fmzy	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/04_hz	Who is Erwin Planck's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/01nls7k	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is 2009-07-30: red rocks, morrison, co, usa?
www.freebase.com/m/01qsn7l	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album was acustico
www.freebase.com/m/03czh8m	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is gy waldron 's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03_05	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_designer/games_designed	www.freebase.com/m/01sc64	what's one game that id software designed
www.freebase.com/m/0gc81wv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018dh3	where was sean tucker born
www.freebase.com/m/0bdj1l	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what is the color for the school university of the west
www.freebase.com/m/05b0xfv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What was alexander hamilton's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04h6cm	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/07zhd7	who did the music for the film  the stratton story
www.freebase.com/m/04v68zf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0bjnm6	who was the editor for flinch
www.freebase.com/m/0l0_yd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/07r4c	who was the lyricist of god 
www.freebase.com/m/03193l	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02rny_5	what film was david grisman the music contributor
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxhp1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is kris wolff from?
www.freebase.com/m/03c8vxl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mp57	what county is waterloo in?
www.freebase.com/m/01540	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wj94p	name a biology book
www.freebase.com/m/0g5cnh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljt3	what did eugen sacharias do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0495mt6	what's the name of a place in louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/05lmq86	what is the name of a famous work using oil paint
www.freebase.com/m/06ys0vk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/06ys14y	What episode is from behind the music - season 2
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/04g2j7r	who was the first NSW female Minister of Education died from cancer
www.freebase.com/m/02q39j3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are franklin high school's school colors
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04gn07x	Who is a man who plays the position defender in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdkl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02vp8cs	who was born in gaza city
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02p2sds	what is an adventure book
www.freebase.com/m/02vzfpd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mw3k8	What artist released the album small graces
www.freebase.com/m/0l8g0	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01hs_k4	What is the name of a release produced by the flaming lips
www.freebase.com/m/04wf76y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05vtw	What is the subject of taking responsibility?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqvw7k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02kt5n	Who produced ive got you under my skin (7 version)?
www.freebase.com/m/04tsss7	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01syjy	who was the author for the fourth book of lost swords
www.freebase.com/m/0pkptly	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is john helms' gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv3cz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03554j	what is the active ingredient in nitrofurantion macrocrystals
www.freebase.com/m/05m5cz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01hr3b	who was born in cowgate?
www.freebase.com/m/02wc38m	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	which war did edward a. devore, jr. fight in
www.freebase.com/m/0574j5x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of walter gerth?
www.freebase.com/m/0bv8qz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/012yc	what kind of music does doomtree make?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8pxp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04kfxq	What is the subject of the written work the world must know?
www.freebase.com/m/03f4sk9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	What is the type of music made by steve lips kudlow
www.freebase.com/m/02r7d2y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0202v3	where did harold hardman pass away
www.freebase.com/m/07k_j6v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/03yf_jp	Who directed the pilot episode of dellaventura?
www.freebase.com/m/03z9585	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/027z0pl	who produced the movie the tourist
www.freebase.com/m/026qksh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where is the show birdz from
www.freebase.com/m/05zxy_0	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does denis shcherbak play
www.freebase.com/m/037gz0n	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	Which format is the release gentle flowers released in
www.freebase.com/m/047r6md	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	which country is ido mosseri from 
www.freebase.com/m/0hql9rh	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/05lm7z	who manufacturers acid reducer original strength 10 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01kg9kq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what album was stranger in town released as
www.freebase.com/m/02vkq2h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/018_6d	who was born in champagne, france
www.freebase.com/m/03c35cb	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	What type of rugby does kris welham play
www.freebase.com/m/01qt2q0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was  meet betty carter and ray bryant released
www.freebase.com/m/0bb30h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0fb0v	what label is adrian gurvitz with?
www.freebase.com/m/0clvp41	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0tk6q	What is the location of louisiana technical college-shelby jackson campus
www.freebase.com/m/05f93xm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	What is the subject content of the book yes man
www.freebase.com/m/0clvl1l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is everest college-san bernardino located in
www.freebase.com/m/0x7r4	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02s_fk	who was henry norris russell influenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/01j3r3w	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02pw61	who was a producer on a new morning
www.freebase.com/m/0h4s_rg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016376	which artist released the album fight the power (part 1)
www.freebase.com/m/069xgr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0162b	Where is ghulam azam from?
www.freebase.com/m/03v_8b	www.freebase.com/user/robert/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	which war did egon erwin kisch attend to 
www.freebase.com/m/049m9rm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	What country released multiviza
www.freebase.com/m/04vjwxf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/035qh3	who was the publisher for the book edition earthquake weather (tor fantasy) 
www.freebase.com/m/03gh4	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05zz09q	What is located in Hawaii?
www.freebase.com/m/0b66t8n	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is the film the world of interiors from?
www.freebase.com/m/02l1pb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What is the genre of the book down and out in the magic kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/0ks4c8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is hooshang amirahmadi's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03cfs2z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01l63	where is colenso parade from
www.freebase.com/m/0ck0f4	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	which region is zyphe language spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgcyt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	which major city was john william finn born in
www.freebase.com/m/047fr	www.freebase.com/user/yarnover/default_domain/handcraft/handcraft_medium	www.freebase.com/m/02kvytt	what type of medium does knitting use
www.freebase.com/m/040_9	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01v_0b	Who has joseph conrad influenced?
www.freebase.com/m/03k50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crrvyd	what hindi movie was directed by Sudarshan Nag
www.freebase.com/m/0jt0j6p	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/0r637dt	what director directed jackie?
www.freebase.com/m/0sg7ybr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05l64	where did sofie bernhoft die?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg9wfq	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05_3cw	who is the producer of straight shooter 
www.freebase.com/m/03k_sd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what genre did the game salamander fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/01vw_dv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/09gk50	which label is jonathan smith signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0f1xj0b	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0dsm92y	What's a version of the single connecticut
www.freebase.com/m/08sfxj	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02g1jh	what music is on the film amazing grace?
www.freebase.com/m/0y858dj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Which country is jung-hun seo from
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fwbg_3	whats an example of a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0gf177g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0ds41	which artist released the album salzburg (martha argerich, nelson freire)?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh94x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03mdc3_	Who is the author of the book blue blood
www.freebase.com/m/0nd7y1w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where is the film la saga des glaises from?
www.freebase.com/m/03mdjwn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f1sm	Where was gianna dangelo born
www.freebase.com/m/04bt6x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where is jos√© lutzenberger originally from
www.freebase.com/m/02ggpr4	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/08l8lb	in what topic gallery is ball-and-stick model of cumene found
www.freebase.com/m/0frrqn8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In which of the different possible formats was hollywood released?
www.freebase.com/m/011vx3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/05bsqs8	What's an album from pete seeger
www.freebase.com/m/02rmz88	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03gph9	who wrote the sex life of the polyp
www.freebase.com/m/039g0_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2w0	Where was summer glau's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0vx79mj	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is jeremy c. owens a professional at?
www.freebase.com/m/0nqlv8m	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0nqlv5p	which release is drowning on?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkrn	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/064177	who wrote the film the champ
www.freebase.com/m/0z7_8ph	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_director/plays_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0z93vsc	what play was lawrence b. munsey the director for
www.freebase.com/m/01njyrk	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02sgy	which string instruments does eddy clearwater play?
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ddfcp3	 what is the sixth compilation album by the Serbian punk rock rock band 
www.freebase.com/m/0z0bw9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0drb5c	what song came from the recording bullet (bullion)?
www.freebase.com/m/01_xtx	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0222qb	whats bradley cooper's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0r8n1n0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the country of origin of lightfields
www.freebase.com/m/039wzk5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0qdwpll	what songs on are close to human?
www.freebase.com/m/0tp4s	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nm9y	What county contains presque isle
www.freebase.com/m/039bpy0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lrh_d0	what is the name of a track whose release was titled the singles 1977-1980
www.freebase.com/m/03gyv1r	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	what kind of visual medium does richard harned work in
www.freebase.com/m/0c51n7	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What profession does crystal storm practice
www.freebase.com/m/0djsfj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03h2c	what is jos√© luis grant's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0788g7	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zpb75n	kelly willis  wrote this song
www.freebase.com/m/0crw40z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/081k8	what movie category does shakespeare's soliloquies fall within
www.freebase.com/m/04y7rf	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/03115z	which language is spoken by hoa people
www.freebase.com/m/015brk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sm2gyf	what songs are by caroll spinney?
www.freebase.com/m/02vmmzl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is sir francis fox's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02797zg	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colors	www.freebase.com/m/067z2v	what are the colors of phi kappa sigma
www.freebase.com/m/0ffkxk	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/02t3ww	tomasz adamek is in what weight class?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm0ztb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what types of movie is vampire boys in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01psf5x	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w73r7	which artist released the album secret
www.freebase.com/m/0344v14	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the longest day: music from the classic war films released in
www.freebase.com/m/0508w_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/08098yy	What's a game published by banpresto
www.freebase.com/m/0blmf2	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_series	www.freebase.com/m/0j24srv	What film series is society dog show a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04f3jjt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	What type of school is warrensburg high school?
www.freebase.com/m/07l8d4	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is kenneth pettway's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/027dmbx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	where is mississippi museum of natural science located?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0dypp2	Who was a football forward
www.freebase.com/m/04yfb7z	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	What soccer position does yusuke kawakita play
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/book/periodical_subject/periodicals	www.freebase.com/m/09ym8f	What is the name of a periodical that focuses on dance music
www.freebase.com/m/03c70rh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_jws	where was david quinn born
www.freebase.com/m/01fvnh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02k6hp	what is the cause of death for suharto
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ktgy5	what is the name of a blues-rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0qmxf	www.freebase.com/computer/software_genre/software_in_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yvqb	What is a software used in library genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7z4wq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is panorama : maurice ravel
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03r8jw	what book is a type of suspense book?
www.freebase.com/m/09k7hd9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was the the incredible 2-headed transplant movie produce
www.freebase.com/m/01s9001	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre of music does autumn play?
www.freebase.com/m/0gypz9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04d0_4	Where was Patnam Subramania Iyer born?
www.freebase.com/m/04lh491	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what fiction genre is the last of the winnebagos considered
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/035l0h	what are some names of male characters in the street fighter series?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0pdbd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	which region released volta√Øc
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/063zzgy	what is a type of musical film?
www.freebase.com/m/036plfw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	Where is pergola from
www.freebase.com/m/0fzm_wc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fzm_vn	what album was life goes on released
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03xn8sd	Who are artists of country music?
www.freebase.com/m/0cnt9m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What nation is ferdinand columbus from?
www.freebase.com/m/027_cnb	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	What is maarty leunen's position
www.freebase.com/m/03fyrmn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was sue√±o fortmatted  
www.freebase.com/m/03mbds5	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04f10b5	what is a film produced by paul brooks?
www.freebase.com/m/016cyt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bm9y09	which album is roots reggae
www.freebase.com/m/0w9n1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is candor township in
www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pxfg3	What is the name of an artist signed to epic records
www.freebase.com/m/03gfwkb	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0441c9	Who is an artist of wwmx?
www.freebase.com/m/0n_16	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048w3hc	Name a landmark in chattooga county
www.freebase.com/m/05t08kh	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country contains lake jasper
www.freebase.com/m/027w0pv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position on the field does jimmy hill play
www.freebase.com/m/0crxrbs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	what type of film is michael ball: alone together: live at the donmar?
www.freebase.com/m/0194r4n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is the song chernobyl know as
www.freebase.com/m/01hb624	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02x_h0	Who produced charmbracelet?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx45	www.freebase.com/religion/type_of_place_of_worship/places_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/0g4p64	What is the name of a temple of worship
www.freebase.com/m/0h4y7x	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/ride_type	www.freebase.com/m/010l12	what kind of ride is green dragon?
www.freebase.com/m/01vg_h	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/05d1sd	which political party has arab nationalism as its political ideology
www.freebase.com/m/01hdky	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country is the amazonas in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bv62	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0w_hyt1	which retelling of a classic story was written by langston hughes?
www.freebase.com/m/0453ws	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzjf	where is paderno del grappa 
www.freebase.com/m/05vht5v	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/015btn	What is the profession of Henry Kisor?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh6zp_	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bx8qb	what is a work by ivan okhlobystin
www.freebase.com/m/0f_1kgb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was eagles live released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gl074d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is Tamara Rhodes gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02rr47g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/055lsg	who is the recording artist of the album let it shine?
www.freebase.com/m/0642ghn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0bjv6	what nationality is p√´llumb jusufi?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk929f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is david alper a male or a female 
www.freebase.com/m/02rpms	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	what is francisco t√°rrega's profession
www.freebase.com/m/05dvm4b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0jmfr73	what is an episode on kenny's world - season 1
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtv54	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of oxandrolone 10 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp6hs0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dp6hsx	What's a song off of drifting sands / bewitched
www.freebase.com/m/0101tk	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone contains smiley
www.freebase.com/m/03fdcq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01gk3x	where was abdollah nouri born
www.freebase.com/m/080jk3g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is blowing wild in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrlp0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what is the genre of the film music box: vol. 2
www.freebase.com/m/0crsh48	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was nursie filmed
www.freebase.com/m/01wtlq	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0gyt949	whats an example of an artist who performs contemporary classical music
www.freebase.com/m/093dgjl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/0t_2	what language was fifteen originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/0lh9cfv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03750qf	what is the release track on murder
www.freebase.com/m/03m4sv9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mz2	what is the genre discussed in nation
www.freebase.com/m/014dg1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0jkwm4n	What's an album from howie dorough
www.freebase.com/m/06c1vb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05yxcqj	what is umeshu
www.freebase.com/m/04_01x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01t12z	which major metropolitan is fairmount located in
www.freebase.com/m/0bwvwzl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what is the film genre for bucktown?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtvvdl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what city was arthur leonard bateman born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03x5dy	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xsg_7	What is the title of a book authored by liz williams?
www.freebase.com/m/0npw7n9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	In what region was complete best released?
www.freebase.com/m/0nbjq	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/01qz5	what film is about 1924 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/02hxzps	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	which language family is kenyah, kayan river language a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0wp__l6	name a professional film director.
www.freebase.com/m/04nz3	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0brgy	what are the symptoms of the disease systemic lupus erythematosus
www.freebase.com/m/01hhxbt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	is born to reign a studio album
www.freebase.com/m/07ch9_q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of program is shinseikiden mars
www.freebase.com/m/01_bnz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxw	What is 24 hour party people classified as on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04t3zgh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	What is the subject of keep smiling through?
www.freebase.com/m/026whww	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/021cp8	Where was orest miller born?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0g9vpps	Name a single-player game
www.freebase.com/m/0h34_2v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film you'll never amount to anything in
www.freebase.com/m/0vclrwc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0vc6mvd	what is the recording from the track berlin
www.freebase.com/m/05r79	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w94yt	which work is written about political philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/0crscfh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was the film the butcher shot in
www.freebase.com/m/02qk2d5	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/062wty	What arena does arizona wildcats men's basketball play in
www.freebase.com/m/0nt2pw5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03h314x	What is tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/02_qw5	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	What is samuel coleridge-taylor's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0yfp26v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	where was eddie rosson born?
www.freebase.com/m/01jtwf3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01j8g3	who was the label of  lavern baker
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jstfw	what's a compilation album by rod stewartt
www.freebase.com/m/0hqj5pw	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is the color of risperidone 1 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/079mrd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	which city was abraham haskel taub born
www.freebase.com/m/0gs0gh	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09rwc8	where does the russian river originate
www.freebase.com/m/0336kh9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n6875p	what track was released on shin contra
www.freebase.com/m/0f995xd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m792jr	what is the track for the recording free
www.freebase.com/m/0h03gx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what type of music does towanda braxton perform
www.freebase.com/m/0crw3km	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what type of music is the film no doubt: live in the tragic kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/06zm8z	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/05kqjb	what is an example of an action role-playing game
www.freebase.com/m/03_kvf1	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what form was the x factor released in
www.freebase.com/m/04wdbf_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019_nn	what is the short tree and the bird that could not sing about
www.freebase.com/m/0344mnq	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was first things first released in
www.freebase.com/m/0h6114	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country would you find  possum kingdom lake
www.freebase.com/m/082bt6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is berry kroeger from
www.freebase.com/m/02tc2jk	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/05l3g_	carin van der donk is one of what people
www.freebase.com/m/0j_3643	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What is the originating country for the film thiruppu munai?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1z4_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is john ward's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02fwkj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	what nationality is tom√°s mac giolla
www.freebase.com/m/0kt1fd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Which nation is jack mcmullen from?
www.freebase.com/m/0js__bd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is rudy √Årias' nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz9gn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre is the album the papercut chronicles
www.freebase.com/m/02kzf73	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_listing/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/045kq_	in what mountain range would you find hewitt
www.freebase.com/m/0fwv2hb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fs0_jy	what is a track released by don henry
www.freebase.com/m/01ng7f0	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0crvy7j	What is a movie that the teddy bears contributed music for
www.freebase.com/m/0wbn96s	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0f2pm	What is james gordon's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_7x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/05qd2t9	What is a part of the series ishmael (novel)
www.freebase.com/m/0bwfzyw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is valerie vaz known as
www.freebase.com/m/0dt3h3	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/01c41d	what characters appear in poodle springs
www.freebase.com/m/0b904l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is john corrill's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06c1nt	Name a thrash metal artist
www.freebase.com/m/03p810	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j246vl	Who was born in Cuckfield?
www.freebase.com/m/01ql_l	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/0895hr	Which airline has its base at the nashville international airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0z83cxg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0zc6	where was agust√≠n galiana born 
www.freebase.com/m/0705zl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljvm	What is phenmetrazine?
www.freebase.com/m/01nk9_1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rx0qs	What is a track by blue eyed devils?
www.freebase.com/m/03hnh9r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	what caused death of corrado mantoni
www.freebase.com/m/0crtvc0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what film genre is locked down?
www.freebase.com/m/0hjbn_t	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what content type is the album mandhira punnagai?
www.freebase.com/m/0kzr7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	Which state is sumter county in?
www.freebase.com/m/08vtk2	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	what type of school is vanderbilt university law school 
www.freebase.com/m/06kfqy	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	Which position does ethan albright play in football
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/02y6z7	what is an asteroid in the solar system discovered in 1960
www.freebase.com/m/02hm3nx	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/047ms0	what company developed auto assault 
www.freebase.com/m/025txhr	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what are the colors of saint-leonard arctic
www.freebase.com/m/01vtsm0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	which instrument did money mark play
www.freebase.com/m/03jg60p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxt	what genre of music is the album the president of the lsd golf club
www.freebase.com/m/03mf0zd	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04tycr0	which book is part of people of the book
www.freebase.com/m/0104fv7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is egypt a notable type of, except a country
www.freebase.com/m/0cp6w	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0x1888q	who is a person that was born in nice
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cjxkb	what American rock and pop singer was born in chicago
www.freebase.com/m/04wd2vy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the book the renaissance about 
www.freebase.com/m/08sxgs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	Where did joe flexer die?
www.freebase.com/m/027yjnh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	What is butch cassidy known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04q25ry	what is a 2008 rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/0gx0rjp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	Where in poland did marian lalewicz die
www.freebase.com/m/07zd02	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What kind of book is magic street?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4lwsg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album move it on over?
www.freebase.com/m/02q5tz4	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war was robert lawrence leopold involved in
www.freebase.com/m/02x8m75	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released 11 x 14
www.freebase.com/m/056fbc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music does the lookouts create
www.freebase.com/m/02557f	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/committee_memberships	www.freebase.com/m/02ct_z	to what committee is john linder a member
www.freebase.com/m/0hqw2sl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03ls75	what are the active moieties in the drug neomycin/polymyxin b/bacitracin?
www.freebase.com/m/04vgmf4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	what is the binding type of songmaster
www.freebase.com/m/057frn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is joey osbourne's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0kjnqlz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/019bjlv	What recording include the track the tourist
www.freebase.com/m/01my3y_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	What genre of music would does fate of a dreamer belong to? 
www.freebase.com/m/081dtk	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/04hbc	What is the ideology behind the german free-minded party?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrfck	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0lbt3	What's an active ingredient in hydrocodone bitartrate and acetaminophen tablets
www.freebase.com/m/03ql84c	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country is souli from
www.freebase.com/m/0d2pdm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What type of gameplay mode is maelstrom?
www.freebase.com/m/07s6bcr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was the original language for the work  transition
www.freebase.com/m/05nfscz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05nfprm	which politician was features in the daily show - season 13?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7903k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	who is aurora
www.freebase.com/m/0n3z	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where are the ashmore and cartier islands located?
www.freebase.com/m/064q774	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	what was robert mckinley born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gy1j0_	what player plays as a goalkeeper in football
www.freebase.com/m/0lqxr9f	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0396jkj	The track telephone was released from what
www.freebase.com/m/0dmztjk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which album is apart of mal-2
www.freebase.com/m/02prw2f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of movie is the strangers
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03nxb8m	what is the name of a netflix romance film
www.freebase.com/m/04ljw6r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of borko milenkoviƒá
www.freebase.com/m/028nb1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is kelly slater's gender.
www.freebase.com/m/04cdxc	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/026zk_s	What's a film produced by prabhu
www.freebase.com/m/02hljds	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0260p2	what company produced the sbk: snowboard kids game
www.freebase.com/m/0c4qh5	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/07xnmw	What kind of architectural structure does ujazd√≥w castle have?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgzv9c	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of the fictional character  cloudtail
www.freebase.com/m/04948qy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	what country is press in
www.freebase.com/m/0_678	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/021y6nd	what category does tactical shooter fall under 
www.freebase.com/m/0b_1ff	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is walter hampden from the united states or canada
www.freebase.com/m/049_m8p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is burton in?
www.freebase.com/m/03yk9l4	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02bm1v	The power rangers dino thunder game was published by what American company?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyts	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/01b85	which city does the dordogne river run through?
www.freebase.com/m/01vksgj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	What kind of music does middle class (band) make
www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q207ly	What is a film within the historical fiction genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0qhf20n	What's an album by portable sunsets
www.freebase.com/m/0nvt9	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0s4l9	What is the name of a city within cook county, illinois
www.freebase.com/m/05sldf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05dqt7	who is the record label of boysetsfire?
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/027mqmn	which movie is black-and-white
www.freebase.com/m/03nqysg	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01f08r	what major city is e 77 road in
www.freebase.com/m/03qr17f	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of art is the duo?
www.freebase.com/m/07dqsl	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_racing_organization/drivers	www.freebase.com/m/056pyh	who is a driver from robby gordon motorsports 
www.freebase.com/m/0dvrh0n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fjgs6	what release did the recording freestyle come from 
www.freebase.com/m/03ctd2	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/038jz2	which places were named after powel crosley, jr.?
www.freebase.com/m/091xrc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language was tmnt (film) done in
www.freebase.com/m/0zfrsvz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0zfrsxk	What is one of the islands featured in ottolenghis mediterranean island feast?
www.freebase.com/m/03wgcpt	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does bonnie hollingsworth play?
www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wb3cs	what is a book about judaism 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g6xjdp	What's an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/0crrvzk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which genre of film is bajo juarez, the city devouring its daughters
www.freebase.com/m/091y02	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what color does richard bland college wear
www.freebase.com/m/0b7vk4	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0c22hp	who directed tower of london (1939 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0j2vyfz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	what is billy?
www.freebase.com/m/0ctlc1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/09ym6b	who wrote galaxy of fear: the swarm?
www.freebase.com/m/08pm8h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country is chikara sakaguchi from
www.freebase.com/m/01h4n95	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is the aristocrats
www.freebase.com/m/0krsp7	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	what position does jerametrius butler play?
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/parent_cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05yr5k5	what was the parent cause of death of car accident
www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0jwdlm	who was born in hamburg
www.freebase.com/m/01bxk6	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0l6t1_p	who is the mother of spalding gray
www.freebase.com/m/02qkd68	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What is tommaso da modena's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0qjwm_g	WHat's an example of a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0286rpk	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0fhmy	What's a city that the kranebitter lohbach runs through
www.freebase.com/m/0bkmz1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/073tm9	what label is dice raw signed to 
www.freebase.com/m/04f177w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02zcgz	where was ritchie pickett given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0gfd9pq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what nationality is jerry zirsanga 
www.freebase.com/m/0f45dw	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/02k_px	where is the las colonias department in 
www.freebase.com/m/03vs5r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	what city did robert bennett die
www.freebase.com/m/0q00t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crw9dg	What's a stand-up comedy on netflix featuring dave attell
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/096csg	what is a public school (government funded) in new york 
www.freebase.com/m/02qk_zs	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	Which genre is disneys villains revenge videogame
www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01w23gh	which artist plays house music?
www.freebase.com/m/05f5c6y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what country is georgi yumatov a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/09_x3_t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What type of film is first strike
www.freebase.com/m/024q1y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04y97sw	What is the name of a chruch located in landover, maryland
www.freebase.com/m/027qpmp	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/068k7cy	what is a book by manuel komroff
www.freebase.com/m/05f37qq	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what religion does baldy jack rose practice
www.freebase.com/m/0hr2zq5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/01jb8r	which asian language is the tv series my beloved spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/04v9d_c	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What type of binding is on the book arabella
www.freebase.com/m/05f5gf0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	what city did john e. smith die
www.freebase.com/m/0qxyh3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fj2xxt	which city was decomposing trees released in 
www.freebase.com/m/06w49h9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kr_	What city is lower buckhorn lake in
www.freebase.com/m/05b3nv	www.freebase.com/book/book/interior_illustrations_by	www.freebase.com/m/01xfq7	who did the interior illustrations of the book sylvester and the magic pebble
www.freebase.com/m/0h_k1gt	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01_9c1	what is buddy jackson's position?
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0brj5b	Who was born in london?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvkcfy	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was Jihad released on?
www.freebase.com/m/03h_hxp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	what kind of music does warbringer do?
www.freebase.com/m/03clvrh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position on the field did aleksandar todorovski play
www.freebase.com/m/0k5057	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is david brown jr. from
www.freebase.com/m/0q8rs	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w5qh9y	Name someone famous who was born in athens
www.freebase.com/m/05j49	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0fk3ft	what was composed in newfoundland and labrador
www.freebase.com/m/02wzzpc	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/078ds	What is the ethnicity of sepala attygalle
www.freebase.com/m/0zp_5_z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wz2n0	WHich artist recorded
www.freebase.com/m/0rrfqlh	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dw2ykp	What is a recording of twilight?
www.freebase.com/m/05myzhr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	alexandre bilodeau is a member of which gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxgp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f0vvr	what is an artist did pop rock 80s
www.freebase.com/m/02845nr	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/01sm5t	which form of music is piano concerto no. 1 composed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03cx84p	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	What is madeleine martin's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06yr_r	what is a fiction genre book?
www.freebase.com/m/084fls	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/05vhv7	what is the ethnicity of c. n. annadurai
www.freebase.com/m/03j74m4	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which region is chet is back! released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_skmpv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What kind of film is chigger ale?
www.freebase.com/m/050h30	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is shaikh ayaz's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02pqzc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_8yds	What is bundeena known as?
www.freebase.com/m/01d6yk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g0nyw	What's an album from nick lowe
www.freebase.com/m/0gxsh5c	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01lbp	whats the name of patricia patrick's daughter
www.freebase.com/m/01hb0jc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02_fj	Which artist recorded the album portrait of sinatra?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd3msm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (8334) 1984 cf orbit around
www.freebase.com/m/0b__m_9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is the country of origin of haven
www.freebase.com/m/0134c8	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbw80	which radio station features jackie wilson
www.freebase.com/m/01c6zg	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone is upper normandy in 
www.freebase.com/m/091m4hz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of film is a night in new orleans
www.freebase.com/m/0b44clw	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/01b9ck	Who wrote the story for pay as you enter?
www.freebase.com/m/0bg3t3	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/0mqd9	What area does clarksville/red river county airport serve?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhk_7t	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is evening, s. 244
www.freebase.com/m/01jj6sg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ggq0	what music genre does lucky dube play
www.freebase.com/m/02hx2zw	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	which language family does duke language belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01mh6cs	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mh6g0	who is xeneizes by
www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/028bj43	what character is a scientist?
www.freebase.com/m/04959bh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p43x	what is located in smurney
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0y52jl6	whats a 2012 studio album 
www.freebase.com/m/06dj9v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05dhrt_	what is an episode from the show night heat?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2jv4k	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is stuart jay anderson 's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/02hwjmp	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is malay, kota bangun kutai
www.freebase.com/m/0c011nn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was target of an assassin filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0ddc5hs	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what soccer position does ian dobson play
www.freebase.com/m/02pq7rp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is rayver cruz
www.freebase.com/m/06kc9s	www.freebase.com/internet/website/status	www.freebase.com/m/02hsn4g	What is the status of smugmug
www.freebase.com/m/0k335	www.freebase.com/engineering/engine_category/sub_categories	www.freebase.com/m/034hsx	What is a sub category of electric motor
www.freebase.com/m/02wq9q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the country of origin that the darling buds of may came from
www.freebase.com/m/03wdkd	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/organization_type	www.freebase.com/m/04gny	what type of organization is unite here?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k8l_f	what is a 1985 rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtp6t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025sqz8	what is the active moiety in zinc oxide 0.4 ointment
www.freebase.com/m/08y96h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are the school colors for the immaculate heart academy
www.freebase.com/m/0czh0tl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What is dave neustadter known for?
www.freebase.com/m/08y7gnm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0kpys	where was kellen hathaway born
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crw4jl	what's a documentary film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0ytwc	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nlnh	what county is williamsburg located in
www.freebase.com/m/03yjtb	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0cz0_q	what film is produced by gurinder chadha?
www.freebase.com/m/048w1lk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is thrift contained by
www.freebase.com/m/04c_70	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language used for the show hex 
www.freebase.com/m/04z_7rk	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/04zzxvr	What's a movie that leslie s. hiscott has directed
www.freebase.com/m/0517bc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g9v9n	What label is emma roberts signed to
www.freebase.com/m/01x6v6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0q5s2br	whats one of thomas newman's albums
www.freebase.com/m/05p4lxs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01x214	what label is shellie morris under?
www.freebase.com/m/03cfrn7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what types of movie is fatty's flirtation
www.freebase.com/m/07vvb6p	www.freebase.com/medicine/icd_9_cm_classification/parent_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01pf6	what is the parent classification of ventricular fibrillation and flutter
www.freebase.com/m/0d_rw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/04xtlt	what is an episode of the tv program the twilight zone
www.freebase.com/m/03gv_c	www.freebase.com/broadcast/tv_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/077h3f	who owns kltv
www.freebase.com/m/0mqqgkk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0frpsrv	what is a release from birthday girl
www.freebase.com/m/03q2pxh	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/compressed_formats	www.freebase.com/m/0220vh_	What type of picture files does the fujifilm finepix s602z produce
www.freebase.com/m/0gvsl2	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0kc6	who produced heat 
www.freebase.com/m/0j6cj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what kind of music is joe satriani affiliated with?
www.freebase.com/m/03h1r6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what song is on the film the bluffers
www.freebase.com/m/03hjys	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0bq3x	What is the subject of freeway
www.freebase.com/m/0gx037f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012fzm	where did alec james  die again
www.freebase.com/m/03fh8w_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dr4y6k	which track was released by animals blues years
www.freebase.com/m/0crvjf4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what type of film is wolfgang sawallisch: hindemith: cardillac
www.freebase.com/m/0r0ls	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/016cff	who was born in lynwood
www.freebase.com/m/03y7fzc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is the category of 10806 mexico?
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/052_qyq	 what EDM group from Roseland, NJ plays electronica music
www.freebase.com/m/01jrfmz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0558g0	who is the recording artist for abandoned garden?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3d_gx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0p45s	Who authored first on the moon
www.freebase.com/m/0dsvxs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hj3mzj	what kind of western is the mollycoddle
www.freebase.com/m/01540h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018f5b8	what is a piece of music has the philharmonia orchestra played?
www.freebase.com/m/0w4k7b3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	Where was onyekachukwu odi born
www.freebase.com/m/01671bq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/054yql	What artist recorded grindin' (remix)
www.freebase.com/m/03jclxj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which region is plugged released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxkhd	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02sjp	Name a composer for the film Jacob?
www.freebase.com/m/01z0p8w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Where is joy sengupta from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzt6v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is satruvu
www.freebase.com/m/0c0qf	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04v8ts	what books have lew wallace written?
www.freebase.com/m/03g35t7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of music is ... make you breathe?
www.freebase.com/m/04wbf2p	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what kind of book is theories of vision from al-kindi to kepler
www.freebase.com/m/0707q	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/027slgr	What is the name of a short story?
www.freebase.com/m/09bxz_	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0414w9y	Which movie did byron haskin directed?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt2sr	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/034rqj	What artist produced the recording come home and come true
www.freebase.com/m/0fqcnq	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is donell nixon's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0g5ryq7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is sarvakalashala filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/02csk8	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/024cl	what kind of mountain is mount mazama
www.freebase.com/m/0zldbl7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vv7sc	who is the lyricist of the song the rafters?
www.freebase.com/m/02qq9gh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	What kind of music does beverly bivens fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgk46v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	which country is hans-joachim ressel from
www.freebase.com/m/0cdtqg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what kind of game is the tower sp
www.freebase.com/m/0mnwd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dvc30	who is a person born in fredericksburg, virginia
www.freebase.com/m/0yx_75t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02n9jv	What is david grossman's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04y866m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	the guitar is what type of movie?
www.freebase.com/m/02r4c7n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	Is gavin & stacey a romance or action movie
www.freebase.com/m/0_mh9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mvsg	What county is oak grove located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/05c3h7y	What is an interactive fiction awarded game featured by a single-player?
www.freebase.com/m/037mldz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m2hnd	what is a song on the album sex and the city: music from and inspired by
www.freebase.com/m/01z9kt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01j2_7	what city was niki de saint phalle born
www.freebase.com/m/02npmd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is sangli?
www.freebase.com/m/02yb7w	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/content	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	What type of program is wuxp-tv
www.freebase.com/m/01fbr3m	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album sons of satan gather for attack
www.freebase.com/m/01hr5r9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album was v
www.freebase.com/m/0g187f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03yw861	what kind of attraction is kennon road
www.freebase.com/m/03fpg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0b6kk31	whats the name of a game show
www.freebase.com/m/03hkp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/05gdfr	whats the name of a movie title thats classified as a hebrew language netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/04f46p0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what film genre is teddy at the throttle
www.freebase.com/m/01ylhh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country does richard burns hail from
www.freebase.com/m/01hkpdp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is aint no other man
www.freebase.com/m/096zy1	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02qmxy2	What is a book by michael lewis (author)?
www.freebase.com/m/09rvkd0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01c8c6	Where is souto soares located
www.freebase.com/m/0b6dmxs	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/imprint_of	www.freebase.com/m/05pswkf	which company published philomel books
www.freebase.com/m/05q044k	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03b996	which company published the dispossessed?
www.freebase.com/m/0b0018	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/06vw1	which software is used for path finder
www.freebase.com/m/0cgq5w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	Where is wang bo from?
www.freebase.com/m/0q2n2k3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country produced queensland
www.freebase.com/m/05xg7lg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where in new york did lawrence lader died in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crss8x	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwyss	What is the language of the film fighter?
www.freebase.com/m/0nffcbb	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/09fht12	Who was the film casting director of winter's tale
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0j5gzj6	Name an asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/03c001k	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war did james v. hartinger participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq9m6	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvkj	what position does dwayne hay play in hockey
www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0bbvmhd	what is the name of a sports game
www.freebase.com/m/09rx_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_series	www.freebase.com/m/0dlbh	what series is revenge of the pink panther from?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds_333	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is the age of goodbye?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3dnq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/06808h	Who authored coming after
www.freebase.com/m/0dgq71w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0kn	Which country is aleksandr ivanov from originally
www.freebase.com/m/089lf0	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/03plfd	What is the rietavas time zone 
www.freebase.com/m/013h3fv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0xzq1gm	What is the name of the track off el salvador
www.freebase.com/m/0dswwj	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03nxh53	who edited touch of pink
www.freebase.com/m/02hxnh7	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/05nrg	which region of earth speaks the bwanabwana language
www.freebase.com/m/0h1c43m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	what state did andrew johnson die
www.freebase.com/m/0bwllqg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the coast of folly filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/09dvkb1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is david janollari's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_9qzt	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02fzkq	who were the parents of oliver orion ocasek?
www.freebase.com/m/07147	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/099fz	What a color of the uniform for the san diego padres?
www.freebase.com/m/0fz854s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	is 2008.09.06 red rocks amphitheatre, morrison a studio or a live album
www.freebase.com/m/02rphmh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what type of music is flashback
www.freebase.com/m/01hryy	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	what is the genre of naruto?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04j89g	Who is someone involved in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/02748wx	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/017cw	what country was involved in battle of ani?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gjcc8x	what is the name of a politician
www.freebase.com/m/01mm8t8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	what is the genre of the album summing the approach
www.freebase.com/m/0n2lf9b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	which movie genre is firefighter! daigo of fire company m
www.freebase.com/m/07vcsz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07c72	what series is fear of flying an episode of 
www.freebase.com/m/0ck1qx	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05b3ts	What position did jerome woods play?
www.freebase.com/m/03c78pr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wwtsc	Which artist made the album still the baddest
www.freebase.com/m/01ptd1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0tnxqnd	What is an album released by woody herman
www.freebase.com/m/071ybx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is cyteen written in
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_lgd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	what kind of film is yeti: a love story
www.freebase.com/m/0fs1fc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/014hglz	What is a song that jeff danna sings
www.freebase.com/m/0303s9	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/prevention_factors	www.freebase.com/m/0c2jmg	What is a prevention factor of  reperfusion injury
www.freebase.com/m/03c82nj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is n√≠lton's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/034gszw	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/023qbxl	what album contains the song senseless
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y7nlk	what is an asteroid in the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/021g3m	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c6z0k	Name a person born in hammerfest
www.freebase.com/m/086k8	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0ffscm	what films did warner bros. make?
www.freebase.com/m/09ghhcf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is simonne monet-chartrand's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0kv09p	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/016_mj	who directed i think i love my wife
www.freebase.com/m/01_94h	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/04r3p5	what is the medical condition treated with diclofenac
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0cg2hf	Which is the name of an action game released for playstation 2?
www.freebase.com/m/04b45t	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/099f0	What is the software genre of autodesk inventor
www.freebase.com/m/03yh171	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which start system does 4965 takeda belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0xzb_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	In what state is gallatin?
www.freebase.com/m/03rxvz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0czc5q5	What's an album by reverend bizarre
www.freebase.com/m/01rs4j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is carl feynman
www.freebase.com/m/01mbg3v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what type of music is on ra?
www.freebase.com/m/064fh71	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the movie my first time driving in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c50zw	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/083pr	who is helen taft manning's father
www.freebase.com/m/0c1wm	www.freebase.com/religion/religious_text/religious_text_of	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	of what religion is the text ramayana 
www.freebase.com/m/014031	www.freebase.com/astronomy/constellation/contains	www.freebase.com/m/081xxs	what is the Bayer designation for andromeda (constellation)
www.freebase.com/m/0d2_d1	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is the ethnicity of  trenidad hubbard
www.freebase.com/m/0xhln	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	Where is phillipsburg?
www.freebase.com/m/01vqq1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027kyd	which politician was born in new westminster?
www.freebase.com/m/0985ls	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/017_29	where is the university of novi sad located 
www.freebase.com/m/0w_dvj5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is pieraldo ferrante
www.freebase.com/m/0bg834	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	what type of music is perform by winter equinox
www.freebase.com/m/0gy_rwq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what kind of film is battlefield: arnhem: operation market garden?
www.freebase.com/m/06c62	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/061yn	who was born in rome
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_fhz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the netflix title brushfires
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04rhhq	Name a heavy metal artist
www.freebase.com/m/03d0llx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is california southern university in
www.freebase.com/m/0f8q0lq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n2hlzs	what song is on from the recording diamond
www.freebase.com/m/05p44cw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what form of art does chris steele-perkins create
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/023ckz0	what is an album that has album as a release type
www.freebase.com/m/036zmm	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone_season/tropical_cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/0267j3l	Name a hurricane in 2001 atlantic hurricane season
www.freebase.com/m/01kysw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jx92v8	what is the active ingredient of formulation for luteinizing hormone
www.freebase.com/m/026hxvw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is mike stark's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/069sv9	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	what baseball position does brayan pe√±a play
www.freebase.com/m/0b6dy17	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	what form of art is carru√ßo in
www.freebase.com/m/0fwcbjt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0frrmq0	what track is from infinite arms?
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mv7l2	which album is consider an emo album
www.freebase.com/m/035ldc	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/0m32h	What type of cancer did richard riordan have?
www.freebase.com/m/06544j	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/amusement_park_area/parks	www.freebase.com/m/02fzs	which california theme park is mickey's toontown located in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y3ktg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/02xbln	Who discovered 2212 hephaistos
www.freebase.com/m/01k9cw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqr6h3	what is a form of the drug alprazolam
www.freebase.com/m/0hlsd11	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was solar wind filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/062gv8	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/0266rt2	what is the color of delta state university 
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/010d8v	What is the name of a city located in mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0nld9mh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ns73pm	what song is isaac a recorded version of?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_3s	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt2b6	What's a medicinal spray that uses dopamine
www.freebase.com/m/06lhwr	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/029fp_	what is the mouth of hrazdan river
www.freebase.com/m/0h0vmdh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was the over the wall movie produce
www.freebase.com/m/0crrn3m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	in what netflix genre is the movie shaolin master and the kid
www.freebase.com/m/03yf9d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	what company is olga ta√±√≥n under?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07kgqk8	which action film was filmed in 1939?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtrln	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/018jz	What is the genre of inning by inning: a portrait of a coach?
www.freebase.com/m/03cm7j_	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dck27	who designed the costumes for from the earth to the moon
www.freebase.com/m/0g2ylqc	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format is "Hallelujah: Songs of Love, Hope and Inspiration"?
www.freebase.com/m/02x6ngf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01ppq	What is the nationality of Lambros Lambrou?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03hl_m7	Name a famous politician
www.freebase.com/m/06wx6g	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/03p66g	what is the automotive classification for peugeot 4007
www.freebase.com/m/09gcm43	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/018gz8	what does tom caltabiano do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/07hnp	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/chemical_species	www.freebase.com/m/02kbst0	What is the chemical species of thiamine
www.freebase.com/m/0g4tx1p	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is jean-claude rousseau's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/08wbdg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06_kh	Which city in california was elonka dunin born
www.freebase.com/m/035bh0f	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/0521sw	What producer helped make love hurts
www.freebase.com/m/082h95	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion is practiced by kazimierz marcinkiewicz
www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/09kqb3	what's a good example of an action show
www.freebase.com/m/03z9k8	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlg7l	Who developed the behemoth?
www.freebase.com/m/01t1ys	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0nvs	which architect uses modernisme 
www.freebase.com/m/0bb4mhm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01309x	who wrote don't let me be lonely tonight
www.freebase.com/m/0gxbqrm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what european language is spoken in how is it going?
www.freebase.com/m/068m5	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/kingdom	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country is philip ii of france from
www.freebase.com/m/04tqb0d	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0nm1q	who was the author editor of the book edition  boston
www.freebase.com/m/01ksp9x	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/039hl_d	what was released by album, closer
www.freebase.com/m/01f9l	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the history of the book of jonah
www.freebase.com/m/041qwd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country possesses mount stuart
www.freebase.com/m/03m6bym	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is camilla von hollay's gender
www.freebase.com/m/03cp94_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	where did monte collins die 
www.freebase.com/m/03gvzbq	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0167bx	what is telbivudine used for
www.freebase.com/m/0lblgs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g0pd9g	What;s a release from big
www.freebase.com/m/05kbpm3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fvyg	Where was Tyler Green born?
www.freebase.com/m/02z510v	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is fast food
www.freebase.com/m/09tkv7m	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0fdv3	which film was trisha biggar a costume designer for
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05jfqw	What's an example of a live album
www.freebase.com/m/02r1b72	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	what canadian city was howard cable birthed in
www.freebase.com/m/0wzs0z5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	which country was disciple filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02b7p_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	in which european country is faversham located 
www.freebase.com/m/07tmz3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is nigel slater from
www.freebase.com/m/061h7m	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/067z4	which city is the r50 road located in
www.freebase.com/m/02j3dv	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kq2	What type of religious thought does susie bright believe in
www.freebase.com/m/04p1pmh	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/category_of	www.freebase.com/m/03sgpt	what category is spur award for best juvenile nonfiction classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03wb2yv	who was the guitar player for Spinnerette
www.freebase.com/m/0mb6w35	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dtbgx3	What recording included the track ontario
www.freebase.com/m/0tkxj7r	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k6bt	Where was tom beghin born
www.freebase.com/m/04j0317	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	in what language is royal warriors film spoken
www.freebase.com/m/049_2hn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  elmwood in
www.freebase.com/m/0n6dc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g9xx8t	which photographer and artist was born in yonkers
www.freebase.com/m/0bh9sbb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is conservatory of recording arts and sciences
www.freebase.com/m/0bypgqg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What job does john sanborn have?
www.freebase.com/m/01n6lk5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the essential dj 12 inch and mega mixes
www.freebase.com/m/05b975s	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pkdk	Who is the artist for the piece, el rio de luz?
www.freebase.com/m/01jhykw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what format does il √©tait une fois ennio morricone, volume 1 album have
www.freebase.com/m/03y85q0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 7488 robertpaul orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0r5kj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05nnyg	What is a location within morro bay?
www.freebase.com/m/017n20	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbx9_	Which station does hall & oates's music play on
www.freebase.com/m/0nlzr5_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/028vgb	who produced green lights and blue skies?
www.freebase.com/m/0fydw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dhqjl	who was born in antwerp
www.freebase.com/m/0vsh0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is the morrison township located?
www.freebase.com/m/0y44g8q	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album was  all tied up
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ft3z5p	what album is in compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0dgspfn	who is a goalkeeper in football
www.freebase.com/m/0kynns3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	who published tiger woods 99 pga tour golf
www.freebase.com/m/0cvkcr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what type of game is the ncaa football 07
www.freebase.com/m/0604f0	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/0cg2m	What is a one of chaos super powers
www.freebase.com/m/026n5b1	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	where was escola de artes visuais do parque lage founded 
www.freebase.com/m/04w9vt1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what was the subject of the book the duel for france, 1944
www.freebase.com/m/0by16xm	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/06tbj8	Who did the music for the film the man outside
www.freebase.com/m/015vgc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/026cmgh	which artist performs carnatic music?
www.freebase.com/m/013njx	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	what is the time zone that clarksville is in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv1yh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of azelastine hydrochloride 205.5 metered spray
www.freebase.com/m/04t2xwn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0g_wn2	What is murder in the family about
www.freebase.com/m/03_gd9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01rvgx	Which England district is aldworth located in?
www.freebase.com/m/05p2bb9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	what kind of music is the bachelor
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/062_q7x	who is a female character from wall-e?
www.freebase.com/m/0490sw_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvd8	What county is cuba in
www.freebase.com/m/0fc15x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	where was kseniya rappoport given birth
www.freebase.com/m/05h0n	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04whr92	Name a nature book.
www.freebase.com/m/05kqk3	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0b_653	Which event took place at freedom hall
www.freebase.com/m/027k45	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0252js2	What artistic outlet is show boat performed?
www.freebase.com/m/0pd16m3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0pcm88p	who created the recording preacher
www.freebase.com/m/05lnrx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06srk	What is lamine traor√©'s nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wh5v9	What is an example of a mathematics book?
www.freebase.com/m/09880y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of sean dundee
www.freebase.com/m/0h4xc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/041h0	celebr√≠an is a fictional character created by what author?
www.freebase.com/m/01nvx0z	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	rick danko was released through which media
www.freebase.com/m/03rrkz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is thomas day
www.freebase.com/m/0dq4nr4	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0s6_j_	what is a single from hard times
www.freebase.com/m/036m4c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01zct_	where did pat roach die
www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/07tglmm	Who is someone that has died from stroke
www.freebase.com/m/027ls3k	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0pm_bv	what track was produced by philip oakey
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04c5yg	What is an example of an animation program
www.freebase.com/m/0kt5l4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dq44yg	What is a track by the artist velton ray bunch
www.freebase.com/m/0kckb	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0q7gm	what city is in geneva county
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0dgnwwr	What is the title of an action/adventure netflix film?
www.freebase.com/m/0mwfy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07jg2s	what is located in philadelphia county, pennsylvania?
www.freebase.com/m/01p373m	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l_1g7	Which musician released one heart at a time?
www.freebase.com/m/0ncc3wt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	what is the profession of jonathan ealam?
www.freebase.com/m/01mtf4n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03x2qp	Which genre is the artist big mama thornton associated with
www.freebase.com/m/03yj7hl	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what positions did valentin nefyodov play
www.freebase.com/m/0b75mm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	What kind of album is best of, chapter one: 1997-2004?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8vml	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/017dv8	What is the subject of the book how to birdwatch
www.freebase.com/m/01mlkry	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the type of album of essential recordings 1955-1961?
www.freebase.com/m/02826wz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	john b. calhoun is a citizen of what country?
www.freebase.com/m/0kws490	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0p88tv	what recording is named after the release track  blue
www.freebase.com/m/0v1p9gr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0845b	where was barbara mularczyk born
www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b3gp1	What is a location within mississippi
www.freebase.com/m/07f6z61	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/mentions	www.freebase.com/m/01p8r8	who was mentioned in review of extract at www.slate.com
www.freebase.com/m/0252jfh	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01kqty	What type of book is super natural cooking?
www.freebase.com/m/029gt1j	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	what type of licensing does modern touring bicycle with panniers have?
www.freebase.com/m/06zrv9v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What sort of music does kevin skinner perform
www.freebase.com/m/0c9pl58	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is alfred balcke's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/09x_r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0z80g1r	Name a person who is an entrepreneur
www.freebase.com/m/086k8	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/048p57	who is signed with warner bros.
www.freebase.com/m/020x3x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	how would a person classify moscow on the hudson
www.freebase.com/m/0x2b_bg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p43j	Where is bancker located?
www.freebase.com/m/06r4km1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is joe kracher's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bctwf2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01crd5	Which country does jimmy pham have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/02t8gf	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01w8n89	what is a industrial metal band 
www.freebase.com/m/01q82hn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0dqyw	where did seiichi yamamoto originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0pblf	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03dyr3	Who is a child of george gilbert scott
www.freebase.com/m/01187n	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is  phillips located in
www.freebase.com/m/04w4zxq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	What was northwestern fights and fighters written about?
www.freebase.com/m/07w6gw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/095bb	what kind of show is the space sentinels
www.freebase.com/m/0g7npxs	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03kbr	What is vnsh jain's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/05gmn3	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0514cf	who produced halloween resurrection
www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_8_t	what is an example of a period piece
www.freebase.com/m/0cp1_1	www.freebase.com/film/film/prequel	www.freebase.com/m/0y48z0t	What's the prequel for che: part two
www.freebase.com/m/03cvvfm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of adam rosen
www.freebase.com/m/0lhjrfy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0lhjrbw	what show is the episode los angeles from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f032_g	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what album content type is the album I Feel Good?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y749j	what is the name of an asteroid that orbits around the sun
www.freebase.com/m/03299ly	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0yksd_	What is a track from rites of passage?
www.freebase.com/m/034v00	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is hello nasty
www.freebase.com/m/0g9wvf9	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What was the profession of joan le mesurier
www.freebase.com/m/0bqy2_	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what does kenneth martin use in his art 
www.freebase.com/m/093v3j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0105zx	where is bobby keys from
www.freebase.com/m/0j6j3p4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what is country did fanni gyarmati originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0bxw3f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	What country does morten rasmussen have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/03j33lw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09n5t_	what genre is the artist carl weingarten
www.freebase.com/m/0ttw_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is rosedale?
www.freebase.com/m/04q2c2s	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04j53	Where is scheienkopf in germany
www.freebase.com/m/06bm2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whcz8	What is some written literature about recreation
www.freebase.com/m/0__tx	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is desoto situated in
www.freebase.com/m/03gbf_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/045r87r	What type of institution is the supreme court of pakistan
www.freebase.com/m/026v5ct	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	audrey williams performs which genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/025g__	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gx1wk5	What is the name of an album that is apart of j-pop genre?
www.freebase.com/m/09xr8p	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bv9	which language is spoken in temmink: the ultimate fight
www.freebase.com/m/0bmfy_g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film genre is the movie  der 20. juli
www.freebase.com/m/03cd6t	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_collections	www.freebase.com/m/05glt	where is archived the 1909  silent film princess nicotine 
www.freebase.com/m/0gtws37	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What nationality is ronald rutter?
www.freebase.com/m/01fc7cb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is detroit rock city
www.freebase.com/m/03hmdf2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07lnk	what kind of music most accurately classifies syrian
www.freebase.com/m/0lm9lht	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0197ml3	what is a recording of nova scotia?
www.freebase.com/m/0dn0r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05dhtg4	what is an episode from the flintstones?
www.freebase.com/m/038lgf	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01jv4	which psychologist was influenced by jacques loeb
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsz3c	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	what is the dosage form of hydrogen peroxide 3e-06 liquid?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfd8rs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01218c	Where is helenton loch?
www.freebase.com/m/075qzm5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language is the film haramuya recorded in?
www.freebase.com/m/03cbwny	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	What is the occupation of the character clive thornton
www.freebase.com/m/042q5t	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vgr1h	which book is the 2002 edition of the other boleyn girl?
www.freebase.com/m/068jd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0vsjccq	What's a piece of art in the form of a photograph
www.freebase.com/m/0jxcsx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did marc merson die?
www.freebase.com/m/03fxq8h	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format is catch and release in
www.freebase.com/m/0kb9g21	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01mjq	what is alois sedl√°cek's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04nlvdt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which type of film is citizen juling
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0c3t_kz	what administrative divisions are in italy?
www.freebase.com/m/04mzjnn	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/05gd9	what's the central tenant of the pashtoons social democratic party
www.freebase.com/m/0dxpt36	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album was heritage?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0b806l	Name a song
www.freebase.com/m/080g_qp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	WHat genre of music have trumpet, will excite!
www.freebase.com/m/04n9w8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01t04r	What label is artist paul barker signed to
www.freebase.com/m/016b7f	www.freebase.com/law/legal_case/subject	www.freebase.com/m/06kfb	what is the subject of swann v. charlotte-mecklenburg board of education
www.freebase.com/m/0h564zz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is humoresque in 
www.freebase.com/m/03w9vl9	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/01gmn0	What body of water des the csx a-line bridge cross
www.freebase.com/m/037dk_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02w41k1	Who is an individual born in katerini?
www.freebase.com/m/0gycgdb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released the movie fingered
www.freebase.com/m/07m7k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ccxx6	what kind of metal music does tool make
www.freebase.com/m/0svz2f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pnqfn	who released the recording denver
www.freebase.com/m/0d_csz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23dw	what type of movie is flesh?
www.freebase.com/m/0c11bc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kz10	What type of music is featured on trans canada highway
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/08hd8h	What is the name of Spongebob's game
www.freebase.com/m/05bjk7	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01950l	Who published the comic book hard boiled
www.freebase.com/m/03qlnrx	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where was looking for mr. goodbar filmed
www.freebase.com/m/01s36l2	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07_l6	which string instrument does seth lakeman play?
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02v_j1d	Name a county album.
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0j6p_sf	Who's an actor killed by myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/0cbwq3n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	Where is the musical journey originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0c46pnl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is l√©on rosenfeld known for
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/047btpx	Name an album  by The Crusaders
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/06ht3c	what is a game that features multiplayer 
www.freebase.com/m/0tw8t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	what state does  poolesville belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01wn3_n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hcvm	what type of music does habeas corpus perform?
www.freebase.com/m/035xt0c	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lbpd7t	what song was included in best collection iv olympia
www.freebase.com/m/01vs4ff	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0b_ysy	What is a song that david gilmour wrote the lyrics for
www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0ghy94	which places is lombardy located in?
www.freebase.com/m/03wm2sm	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05nj3v	what type of genre is off the beat-n-track podcast
www.freebase.com/m/027d1_b	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What netflix genre does jeena sirf merre liye belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/04w6dkx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what is the have wheels, will travel book about
www.freebase.com/m/04zlmb	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0kynlwq	what is a game published by dreamcatcher games 
www.freebase.com/m/04cwp_	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/09gnyz4	which film was stanley j. weyman the film story contributor for 
www.freebase.com/m/0m0nng3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02ydp3	where was luan garcia teixeira born?
www.freebase.com/m/0r76j7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03j1p2n	Who is the artist from the recording titled adagio for strings (ferry corsten remix)
www.freebase.com/m/0255cp	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/08mh3kd	what was the industry with integrated device technology as its business operation
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt92n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/025sf0_	what is the drug formulation of sodium chloride 4.5 irrigant
www.freebase.com/m/0mbd8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	who is the record label for the orb?
www.freebase.com/m/03c4tcl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is the ultimate collection?
www.freebase.com/m/03cf_wk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftlx	what is porochista khakpour's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/04w7_w0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01ftz	what subject is written in science and ethics
www.freebase.com/m/07m9cm	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/08spl2	what film is produced by til schweiger?
www.freebase.com/m/08m1mg	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/05hnbb	what is an organization founded by maulana masood azhar
www.freebase.com/m/03drc9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p4j1	where is 70560 located in?
www.freebase.com/m/056g0th	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What type of film is gentlemen broncos?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03m4rbn	what film is a type of thriller (genre)?
www.freebase.com/m/0nq2y83	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was the album in puget sound released?
www.freebase.com/m/09rzwf	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0d8bxl9	which 1939 movie was directed by john brahm
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsdnv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the status of one seed juniper 0.1 injectable solution 
www.freebase.com/m/07lkd5x	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	what is jane pauley known for in entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04lfftg	What is the title of a spanish language netlfix film?
www.freebase.com/m/0klydwj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mc9tf	which album has the track mona lisa?
www.freebase.com/m/04fk3mk	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/06sks6	Which olympics was men's trap an event in?
www.freebase.com/m/05zsb_g	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/06y8v	who wrote the story to ivanhoe
www.freebase.com/m/09yfg5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03zv8k	where is the university of kalmar located
www.freebase.com/m/0kssx8b	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031j7y9	which released is stay from
www.freebase.com/m/01d4kh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0123xh	What location is elche contained by
www.freebase.com/m/02qn_z	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/04qbv	What type of school is whitworth university?
www.freebase.com/m/0drp7pw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03k0ppp	Cocoon is a notable type of what?
www.freebase.com/m/0zx9q71	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/04s5_s	who is the lyricist of can't get there from here
www.freebase.com/m/03xp0j7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music does amina figarova prepare 
www.freebase.com/m/06zmj95	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of the walking hills?
www.freebase.com/m/0wq3q9w	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is the king's dream a song or an album
www.freebase.com/m/03tb_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/05dnsb	Who wrote the story for halloween h20: 20 years later
www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03ffk7	which san francisco native played as an outfielder in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0h25y6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is andrew ellis's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02_lmb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	who is someone famous with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
www.freebase.com/m/02qbb4f	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what position does joe ferguson play in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/02rcsw4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is john campbell from
www.freebase.com/m/02lmrh	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/02kd1ry	what is the parent disease of enteritis
www.freebase.com/m/0rss1h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nxngf	What artist recorded memphis?
www.freebase.com/m/01dtl9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/constellation/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08bfmp	what is the name of a star found in auriga
www.freebase.com/m/03yq_7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jkffy	which album was done by the artist lit 
www.freebase.com/m/0w6zzg9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is 60 minutes sports spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/01fwsgw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04r1t	Which artist created lynyrd skynyrd: solo flytes
www.freebase.com/m/04602x	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01jnzj	what industry is kiewit corporation in
www.freebase.com/m/0nqcrrj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0qcph24	what album is star on
www.freebase.com/m/0cc11zl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country made the film dead by dawn
www.freebase.com/m/0c6l2r5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	what west coast city was bolt birch born in
www.freebase.com/m/0ynsh05	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mnzd	In which city in VA there is a historical old town hall?
www.freebase.com/m/042vbc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/04k15	who composed violin sonata no. 8 
www.freebase.com/m/0qp47	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m25p	Which county is globe located in
www.freebase.com/m/0pzpz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05f754s	What Frank Lloyd Wright designed house is in chattanooga?
www.freebase.com/m/030ty02	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was bob dylans american journey: 1956-1966 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0qfyxd6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	What type of genre is the album between the times and the tides
www.freebase.com/m/0fg8bq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is alanno located?
www.freebase.com/m/01vqz6s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0g7hr79	what's one of fedde le grand's albums
www.freebase.com/m/0fl5c7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	Who developed elevator action returns
www.freebase.com/m/03bhcxl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lwc481	what is a song on black trillium
www.freebase.com/m/0_678	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/07lmbg	what is a tactical shooter game?
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bf39z0	what biographical film was released in 1983?
www.freebase.com/m/0hndh0p	www.freebase.com/medicine/hospital/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/05b1j	What does barrow neurological institute specialize in?
www.freebase.com/m/05y4t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hb6	what is paint
www.freebase.com/m/01941kq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what types of music is mona lisa
www.freebase.com/m/021mq2s	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/genome	www.freebase.com/m/0bsdc	which genome does the gene gap junction protein, alpha 8, 50kda belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0v1w6v1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is dale heslip?
www.freebase.com/m/01p16dd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0bwckm	the artist the warlocks  belongs to what record label
www.freebase.com/m/0f_8vw	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0hp1fl8	who is the child of don taylor (actor)
www.freebase.com/m/05kq4	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/08_451	What is the name of the book about the ocean by Julian Stockwin?
www.freebase.com/m/01hk5dh	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	what format does aqua remix: super best have
www.freebase.com/m/0273cj7	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04gtxz4	What genre of books are jennifer crusie famous for?
www.freebase.com/m/01lcxbb	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/03f7ds5	who did freddie hubbard help to influence
www.freebase.com/m/04w4dhg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre of literature is guardian angel
www.freebase.com/m/07bwwh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where did hermann von mallinckrodt pass away
www.freebase.com/m/074wld	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what netflix genre is a tale of two sisters?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw9r94	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country was my own boogie released in
www.freebase.com/m/09km93	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0gx5m	who is the parent of drogo of champagne?
www.freebase.com/m/0xjl2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/07l5tv	name a gothic rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0gxs2fn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of movie is the film i was a jewish sex worker
www.freebase.com/m/03hhr37	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What is the genre of the show american gladiators?
www.freebase.com/m/0bvc3y9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is bruce ricker a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04wml8	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0q5dv	what position in football does  darnell dockett play
www.freebase.com/m/03c8mjr	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/06yyp	which religion does amitoj maan practice
www.freebase.com/m/047tmwl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where in california did jack m. warner die
www.freebase.com/m/0dsz2m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	What is the origin of the audition?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j2_ll	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is famous last words
www.freebase.com/m/01qgr	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02qd521	A computer virus is the subject of which written work?
www.freebase.com/m/03qmjsk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jgx	what country is janfida located in
www.freebase.com/m/0wy9mpw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	what is zoi voudouri country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0nm9sy4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/069jcy	which song was part of summertime
www.freebase.com/m/04wcdz_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	Name the subject of the book sea room
www.freebase.com/m/05v01z1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is leigh anne tuohy from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f9nl2	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0flry	what is joan of arc about
www.freebase.com/m/01bbm7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqpyhp	what drug is manufactured by glaxosmithkline?
www.freebase.com/m/0lnk79y	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038my2m	what is the release track on the game 
www.freebase.com/m/04g07gr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	is xiao shan going home from china or hong kong
www.freebase.com/m/0zk3s7m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is perineum millennium - the in-between years written in?
www.freebase.com/m/06xltj	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/091fl0n	who is a character that appears in the fictional universe of harry potter
www.freebase.com/m/05y8w_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what kind of show is doubletake
www.freebase.com/m/013vhm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0177z	where is sint-agatha-berchem located?
www.freebase.com/m/08kszc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Where is robert gadocha from
www.freebase.com/m/0bpkfj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/052q4j	What type of school is bishop gorman high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0276svy	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03bkbh	What was the ethnicity of  david wilmot
www.freebase.com/m/02rzsy2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/050z2	who is the composer of in high places
www.freebase.com/m/0bdtghk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is the profession of matthias glasner?
www.freebase.com/m/0bz67l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country is paul a. winn from
www.freebase.com/m/0fx3wrv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	which genre does the film power fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/02q52fp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is the master key?
www.freebase.com/m/049k9nr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m6c_qg	what is the name of a song on notte prima degli esami (disc 1)
www.freebase.com/m/09g83tq	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0285m87	Which kingdom was involved with the battle of pombal?
www.freebase.com/m/0m80mr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0147dk	who recorded miami
www.freebase.com/m/099n_b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05f4xtl	what episodes did michael rymer direct?
www.freebase.com/m/06sw9	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0b0bvg	What is a administrative district in seychelles that is located on the island of Praslin?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr94r	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/08j34x	what active ingredient is found in clam 0.1 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/01nw4rg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02y21l	what label is jean ritchie under?
www.freebase.com/m/027kqhr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what sort of film is our daily bread
www.freebase.com/m/02wyq3y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what type of school is uzhhorod national university
www.freebase.com/m/0_jxlp_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01nkxvx	who composed bien o mal
www.freebase.com/m/05x58d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dtd6	who is the musician that created from genesis to revelation
www.freebase.com/m/0490mb_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvxc	where is thomas located?
www.freebase.com/m/01pllwx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0mcf4	What label does ronnie foster record with?
www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06rdx_	which artist is with mercury records?
www.freebase.com/m/03h64	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01t_4d4	Name someone who was born in hong kong
www.freebase.com/m/0k04s6r	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	Which observatory was (12632) 3105 t-1 discovered? 
www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/09v5ccy	who played outfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqvwyw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01xf7l	what is the active moieties in hydrocortisone/phenyl trimethicone
www.freebase.com/m/033p6jk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rk8tm	whats a track from the release also rising
www.freebase.com/m/04t0m2r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09v7z3b	What subject is the written work The Department of Labor?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_bwh1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_bwk9	What's a song featured on autumn leaves
www.freebase.com/m/01whz6_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is gracie allen from
www.freebase.com/m/080mgm6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what kind of music does andrea fuentealba valbak put out
www.freebase.com/m/0d9r1n	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0193qj	which entity was involved in the battle of cape gloucester
www.freebase.com/m/03gc5d1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/084m3	who is an actor/ comedian featured on sing sing radio
www.freebase.com/m/0305kz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0694j	what in canada is le haut-richelieu regional county municipality located at?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxfsxp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dlv0	where did k. pappu pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlk6qt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What caused the death of brett heinicke?
www.freebase.com/m/011ys5	www.freebase.com/media_common/media_genre/parent_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what genre does farce branch off of 
www.freebase.com/m/0bmhwn	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/03gyl	which country was affected by tropical storm claudette
www.freebase.com/m/0g6z02	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0dnntf	where is 24timer circulated?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8j9w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02wfx_	who wrote jolly green giant
www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0b73hq	Who is a professional relief pitcher?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7lg49	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qkg3	where was benedetto gennari ii born 
www.freebase.com/m/0283nzb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is vagif mustafazade
www.freebase.com/m/0jrjb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0rmgj	What's a census designated area within lee county, florida
www.freebase.com/m/04hzr4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/mechanism_of_action	www.freebase.com/m/0135w	what does the drug galantamine do
www.freebase.com/m/0h5506	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is timothy fok a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0crvl_2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kinds of movie is military history: aces of the iaf in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/03y0pvt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 21623 albertshieh orbit around?
www.freebase.com/m/04dqx9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what classification is the book the magician
www.freebase.com/m/0c42967	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	what kind of music is sonic bullets: 13 from the hip
www.freebase.com/m/0zkgs8j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form is single bed in  
www.freebase.com/m/05c7fh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which New York city did william morgan shuster in
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/063ys_6	Who is an artist known their art form being painting?
www.freebase.com/m/03vlr_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pw07m	who is an artist that records under  edel ag label
www.freebase.com/m/0fx_fnf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mst_s_	What is the track list of the release away from the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/026_fv1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190yn	ghetto story is what type of genre?
www.freebase.com/m/01wn1g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is the sex of tom flores female or male?
www.freebase.com/m/08r4x3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what netflix genre is bobby under 
www.freebase.com/m/01tdrqc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was max graham's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/05mt6w	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does harold faltermeyer play
www.freebase.com/m/0kyq6s9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	Who published the game taito memories joukan? 
www.freebase.com/m/02rdgp8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender does betty luster identify as?
www.freebase.com/m/03hhssk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0grd7	what city did walker o. cain die
www.freebase.com/m/0qhlqs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02pw61	who produced the song i will always
www.freebase.com/m/0641ld6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What type of film is the factory?
www.freebase.com/m/051y35d	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	what is the position that john ake plays
www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w6qzj	which is the name of a book written about asia?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0h4f2n	what is the name of a popular Germany-based Iranian pop music singer
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03yky_8	which asteroid belt orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0g_d7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0bq3cf	who played an bodhr√°n?
www.freebase.com/m/0_szl4b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is aleksandr pipa?
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01wm3tg	what artist plays a guitar
www.freebase.com/m/0pc61d2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Where does the television show zombie-loan originate
www.freebase.com/m/0d3lg2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c8w0	what is takashi asahina most known for
www.freebase.com/m/0g8y61l	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where was evita: the motion picture music soundtrack released
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07k50f4	what is a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0y5m8ks	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	which city was johann von v√°s√°ry born
www.freebase.com/m/080cmhv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is the profession of maja ostaszewska?
www.freebase.com/m/05vbgt1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was meat pushin in the seat cushion 4 filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0d8p64	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gyl	What is jean jacques clark parent's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0wyvrww	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is raffaele di mario male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01qdc1	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_driver/team	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcq	what nascar team is bobby labonte a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01tqcx	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0h6qg7	what movie did william gillette do the film story credits for 
www.freebase.com/m/01pdm18	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music is love in bright landscapes
www.freebase.com/m/0g0xc2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqx184	what is a drug ingredient in chlordiazepoxide
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6nj2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of film is the romance of my heart
www.freebase.com/m/028bcs4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is kyle drabek from
www.freebase.com/m/026p28w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country filmed yellow
www.freebase.com/m/0gj8v_t	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country created the film panic
www.freebase.com/m/06npzn9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04jdd2k	who is the author of number parade
www.freebase.com/m/0dyj_jm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017k66	Which artist created the recording butterfly on a wheel
www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv90m	what product is zinc oxide an active ingredient in?
www.freebase.com/m/01kbq6y	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what kind of music is cure for pain
www.freebase.com/m/01kkcbl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03sww	who is the album home invasion by?
www.freebase.com/m/07k9x_4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what is the language spoken in the film socialism
www.freebase.com/m/01hkr	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/052h3	who did benjamin tucker influence?
www.freebase.com/m/0ghwxz2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is lecumberri?
www.freebase.com/m/03fkqm8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	Which format was voice of the xtabay released  in
www.freebase.com/m/0fx3nr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01zwzb	Where was michael spillane's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/01h1cp	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	what war is casualties of war about
www.freebase.com/m/0h67x9x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where in the united states was roderick wetherill born
www.freebase.com/m/0b6p80q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01n2m6	what label has the artist  silkski
www.freebase.com/m/01jkclc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What genre does the album greatest kiss belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0g_8qs	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/0978r	what city serves duxford aerodrome
www.freebase.com/m/04wc1fz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the indians in american society written about?
www.freebase.com/m/01pycm1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0109d1n	what is a track by sero.overdose 
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/fictional_characters_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0jyvtgh	Who's a fictional character born in united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/072pvh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of claudia lonow?
www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gbmd1w	which actor was born in munich
www.freebase.com/m/03c01bt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is garage matches from
www.freebase.com/m/03852x	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	which category of music does black celebration fall under
www.freebase.com/m/0jcs7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/023k2	what kind of group is palmsource
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bh878t	Which man has the occupation of being a film producer?
www.freebase.com/m/03j1xm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/018nqq	Who is the author of the honourable schoolboy?
www.freebase.com/m/0kfbwlw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was peter basch born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0zfqj32	What is a film in the documentary film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01vy4_3	who plays the bass guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/0498nv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mwzv	Where was daniel hiester's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x75p8	which film was done in the black-and-white genre
www.freebase.com/m/06_1v1w	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	what is the architectural style of  cotesworth
www.freebase.com/m/04w3bhg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what is the book genre of soft focus
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hqpz7	what is an example of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmymm	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0388q	what flavor does  earache kids relief 30/30/30/30/30 liquid come in
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05c6r0	what is a biggest holiday in united states
www.freebase.com/m/0bb8slv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is fanny in?
www.freebase.com/m/0641q63	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0577d	which city was georg albert l√ºcke born
www.freebase.com/m/02l840	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/05p287z	which song was composed by kanye west
www.freebase.com/m/02p4q1w	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What is the genre of lucky starr and the pirates of the asteroids?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1ghy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 2176 donar orbit around?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtj6x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is even trade
www.freebase.com/m/025vyd2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kqggl	what is sammy rachels
www.freebase.com/m/0bycr06	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of zaira zambelli
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gr8hg	What is the name of a commune in italy?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03j0jfq	what is the name of a person that was born in manhattan
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04f6448	who is an Israel football player plays forward
www.freebase.com/m/0d2t_	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/018dm4	Who has francis galton influenced
www.freebase.com/m/0g6ly90	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g6ly8h	What's a release from the recoring fall
www.freebase.com/m/0s95z14	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d92r	Which place was pehr-olof sir√©n born in
www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025ywnk	what book is sicence
www.freebase.com/m/04wbx4y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what is the subject of hegel
www.freebase.com/m/026kc0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of humphrey stafford, earl of stafford?
www.freebase.com/m/0vz1x1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w8n89	Which artist does the song love seige
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/02qk0lf	what are some single-player video games
www.freebase.com/m/0z5rsc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031kz04	In which album is fever featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0gg76bz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what kind of music does joe baer magnant perform
www.freebase.com/m/0w40958	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01s1m	What was sjarel branckaerts official cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/01mr2g6	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_j3mfv	which lyrics were written by greg graffin
www.freebase.com/m/0bgk5lb	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/071zqj	What's a movie that credits axel hellstenius as a writer
www.freebase.com/m/04mz2cm	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	What is frank ortenzio's job
www.freebase.com/m/02r34xx	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position did football player glenn poole play
www.freebase.com/m/0y5cw7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	where was gerda lampalzer born
www.freebase.com/m/0gkz45s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	what kind of music does nico constantine sing
www.freebase.com/m/01kdvyb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015pdg	what kind of music is hittin‚Äô the note
www.freebase.com/m/0643zm4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	which asian language is unspoken passion filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/04whg5h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the topic of mrs. pollifax and the second thief
www.freebase.com/m/01s45td	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/016zwt	What was the origin of the artist 1974 ad
www.freebase.com/m/0g0z6dq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type for the forgotten?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyplgx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0g69xs	What publisher released the game freddi fish & luther's maze madness?
www.freebase.com/m/03yg1nf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	is 7075 sadovnichij a comet or an asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0765jr3	Name a public school (government funded)
www.freebase.com/m/0h95f89	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of ava bogle
www.freebase.com/m/03dbww	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4h	What kind of condition did sterling holloway die from?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t1rkr	which Quintin Jardine book qualifies as literary fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0rqt76	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mmggbf	What's a track from the recording earth
www.freebase.com/m/01ksz9	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012zrl	what female artist is on the matador records label
www.freebase.com/m/01mmgx4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n58	What type of music does the artist gorilla biscuits create
www.freebase.com/m/012698	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/places_lived	www.freebase.com/m/0gj3tmn	where did sailor venus live
www.freebase.com/m/04d3qw4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m80dnp	what are the track names on just falling
www.freebase.com/m/01j_z3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	What caused the death of orrick glenday johns?
www.freebase.com/m/0m9_427	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dsgr64	which song was part of monte carlo
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04841bx	which city is located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/064fbwg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	of what genre is the film black men and me
www.freebase.com/m/09q_cl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/013yq	What state is interdenominational theological center located in
www.freebase.com/m/0b_slht	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what south american country gives milton gaucho his nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03qd_	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0pdp8	which cult film did harry shearer contribute music for
www.freebase.com/m/0d1xx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0943zz	what body of water can be found in clark county
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/025t3kn	name a female character
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0488x3v	What's a census designated area in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0dyt82h	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is violin concertos an album or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k9k77	which albums were produced by the new york philharmonic?
www.freebase.com/m/04w280h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	what is the subject of the book the horizon
www.freebase.com/m/06_4rhx	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	what type of architecture is the first universalist chruch?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0wbj3wc	what is a creek located in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/04w7d50	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	is the the case of the good-for-nothing girlfriend a mystery or a non-fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/0410_wg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what gameplay mode is the videogame beatmania iidx 8th style
www.freebase.com/m/02b8t9	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	which city was ecm records founded
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0jskl91	Name a film producer .
www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/03nm0d	what is an example of private school?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw1v2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/035dk	where is nathan apea aferi from
www.freebase.com/m/02tr7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is kelly macdonald from
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ch4gwz	Name a screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/0ckq_v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hxcvy	which language was spoken in mirza ghalib
www.freebase.com/m/0694j	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/capital	www.freebase.com/m/0pmp2	what is the capital of quebec
www.freebase.com/m/0crt6rf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is on the line filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/05xl3r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	how did roy roberts die
www.freebase.com/m/063bwd	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02q6m	Who is the parent of alix of france?
www.freebase.com/m/0x6wp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the location of virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/03cd317	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is so close to paradise?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_xl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	which film genre is the outlaw josey wales in 
www.freebase.com/m/0dmf527	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dvzc4_	 which release is on the recording always
www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/07dm7p	Who plays the violin?
www.freebase.com/m/0h8hscs	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/05h28n	what sector is under the organization clout?
www.freebase.com/m/04d8cgd	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03ffs	Which platform could run the south park video game
www.freebase.com/m/07_c8x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	where was charles koppelman born in
www.freebase.com/m/0_38y_l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	Where is fangyuan mansion located?
www.freebase.com/m/02tfl8	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/07wvs	what is abdominal pain a symptom of
www.freebase.com/m/0blz6b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/088cp	In which city did roger iddison pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/03cm09l	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is khan shein kunwar's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/010pzr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081yw	what state is battle ground found in
www.freebase.com/m/01j6w67	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	which genre is bricks are heavy associated with
www.freebase.com/m/01_gtnj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p4gy	Name a parish in Gretna, Louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/0l1pj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v8yphl	which famous person was born in van nuys, california
www.freebase.com/m/03ygxfn	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is 6520 sugawa 
www.freebase.com/m/01bpc9	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	which instrument was played by steve earle
www.freebase.com/m/04jq1s	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cmc2	in which armed conflict did roderick mcgregor participate
www.freebase.com/m/05qjt	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0510v9	what book has  physics as its primary subject
www.freebase.com/m/0tp6fk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nd5l9	Which artist recorded angola?
www.freebase.com/m/02r5l5t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/pregnancy_category	www.freebase.com/m/048_5px	which pregnancy category does palonosetron fall into
www.freebase.com/m/01mwsm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z2n8	where was jorge arce born?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0nfcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/07g1sm	which film did warren clymer serve as the art director for
www.freebase.com/m/0dth5rd	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/019p8bg	What's a non canonical version of manhattan
www.freebase.com/m/043mx_7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	dr. lawrence branch young house is located in what state?
www.freebase.com/m/08vf0c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	is g.o.r.a. fantasy or science fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0dmk3xn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w2bnl	who is the artist that released ready, steady - gone (the final tour) 2 dec 82
www.freebase.com/m/04csqc_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what genre of film is luck in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y8z_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09tlh	Where is mick galloway's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtsc2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/07p03s	What's the active ingredient within oxandrin
www.freebase.com/m/065w_k9	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	What media was used to produce the piece of art road in maine
www.freebase.com/m/020t_l	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0146mv	what netflix genre houses the adventures of pete & pete
www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0fncx6	What's an example of an anime
www.freebase.com/m/0k_mt	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/08s3q5	what film did rainer werner fassbinder edit
www.freebase.com/m/03xlg4c	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country made 2005 angeline sonoma county cabernet sauvignon
www.freebase.com/m/02_d6h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljt3	what is the profession of luigi canina
www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/05sqd2p	korean language Netflix genre include this movie
www.freebase.com/m/07jnt	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/04qvl7	who is the cinematographer of the shawshank redemption
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y0qjt	what asteroid is found in the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027pm3q	What album is an example of contemporary christian music?
www.freebase.com/m/02rg2x5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/030x63	what type of school is newark tech high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0jyj1w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of john mccurry
www.freebase.com/m/0xc_5c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03468zz	In which album is sahara featured on
www.freebase.com/m/03y787s	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	Which type of celestial object is 3916 maeva
www.freebase.com/m/0414p7p	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what is football position of bruno lan√ßa andrade
www.freebase.com/m/04qf8t	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01pdyq	who was raman named after
www.freebase.com/m/02703vw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	What genre of music is takayo ookoshi associated iwth
www.freebase.com/m/04rqd	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/05873x	What would be a mtv show
www.freebase.com/m/02nxqmh	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/09y6l3	Name a painter
www.freebase.com/m/02z8mz2	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/06z49	what kind of activism did edward daniels participate in
www.freebase.com/m/02w4kwc	www.freebase.com/theater/play/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/095_j1	Who created the lyrics for shrek the musical
www.freebase.com/m/0clw4p7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	where is the interactive learning systems
www.freebase.com/m/08ps0r	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/07hdq5	who directed autograph
www.freebase.com/m/033v832	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n8bstz	what is a song from wendy moten?
www.freebase.com/m/02vnhz7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what kind of music is found on the album fiesta
www.freebase.com/m/04wg1r7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03h3fq_	who is the author of weekend makeover 
www.freebase.com/m/03qk42k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where is valter palm's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/089tsv	what is a game published by sega
www.freebase.com/m/028lv	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/0kynqvp	What is a game you can play on dos platform?
www.freebase.com/m/04g0wmg	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01mz9lt	Who wrote the musical score for sssshhh...
www.freebase.com/m/0774vw9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	what is the genre of the album why are we not perfect
www.freebase.com/m/0xl8f	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/04lq0yz	what is mcguire air force base?
www.freebase.com/m/038_nwc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0v9386	what is a track from the release grandes exitos?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_5pd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language does merry-go-round play in
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/09vh6x	name a politician.
www.freebase.com/m/01nzvs2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01pfpt	what genre of music is cluster 71 considered
www.freebase.com/m/05d1y	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0dr90d	What company was named after nikola tesla?
www.freebase.com/m/016l09	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qm5j	what genre is the band the white stripes
www.freebase.com/m/0dz64dx	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is gainsbourg, serge a compact disc or a audio cassette 
www.freebase.com/m/01pr41h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nm2rwp	which trace was done by the artist martynjoseph
www.freebase.com/m/02dwn9	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/022rx7	who is a starting pitcher for the atlanta braves?
www.freebase.com/m/0p45s	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/03y18m3	What is named after michael collins (astronaut)?
www.freebase.com/m/036wyz	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03s0w	what state is wapsipinicon river partially contained by
www.freebase.com/m/02843ns	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/016wrq	Where is thisgirl originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y81qv	name a solar system
www.freebase.com/m/033dx6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rs7b3	which hungarian footballer was born in ny√≠regyh√°za
www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_place_of_origin/military_units	www.freebase.com/m/0gx33g_	what is the name of the military unity from indiana
www.freebase.com/m/06_0vkn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	where was ragdale located in
www.freebase.com/m/01lpzty	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g0r0g	which album did the artist the weavers make
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0djb5dc	What is an lgbt movie?
www.freebase.com/m/01jcx45	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is the sky is crying
www.freebase.com/m/04n6q3k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken throughout the movie 14 women
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03cnlm6	What is the name of a famous English screenwriter?
www.freebase.com/m/09lq7z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is geoff byrd's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/071bfb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0pkyh	who wrote the lyrics for the song what is and what should never be
www.freebase.com/m/02r1spp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/010sh	Which community is alcauc√≠n a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0693nj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of metal is on handful of rain
www.freebase.com/m/02q0r8d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	What country is bart≈Çomiej chwalibogowski from
www.freebase.com/m/0576ln	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	What type of mountain is the tskhouk-karckar
www.freebase.com/m/07l57d	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/06vbd	which country is idlib located in
www.freebase.com/m/0y60lx6	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0fv_sp	Who are joseph frederick kushner's parents
www.freebase.com/m/0bfggjj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xlj26	What is brown sugar famously known as
www.freebase.com/m/04w6g5s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01mqb6	what is the subject of the written work  sudan, civil war and terrorism, 1956-99
www.freebase.com/m/04zvjpq	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	what type of rugby does adam hughes play
www.freebase.com/m/048n7	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/08854q	which football player was involved in the korean war?
www.freebase.com/m/0bcvz3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01d853	who is a military leader born in cannobio
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gwbgc	what is the name of a goalkeeper in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0gf7x4k	what are thriller (genre) movies on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/041mdwd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	What kind of broadcast is new york times: backstory
www.freebase.com/m/04w7cgh	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what sort of book is dragonfire
www.freebase.com/m/0jybv44	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was  the movies that which once was released?
www.freebase.com/m/0g76q7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is a. t. mann from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr2w8	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	what is the color of  trandolapril 2 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02q3z1s	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/0ch16nm	The brothers in arms: double time was a part of what game series
www.freebase.com/m/02nygk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/018mmw	Where was bob kane buried?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3fmsl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country is the movie the island of contenda from
www.freebase.com/m/03gz8yt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what is  hd 8673
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrsyx	which drug is used for treating alzheimer's?
www.freebase.com/m/04wfjwm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/036nz	what is a subject in the villains of the impeachmenta
www.freebase.com/m/0gtx_k5	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0hn9h33	What is the name of a film directed by fred paul
www.freebase.com/m/0n652d3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09bjv	Which city was raymond tarabay born in
www.freebase.com/m/0136g9	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03ydlnj	what film did richard curtis write?
www.freebase.com/m/04_4bk	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0l0w6s	What is a composition ferry corsten is known for?
www.freebase.com/m/05n57q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hhrkww	who is an actress born in eluru
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y6756	What's an asteroid located within the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/01r2b11	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the album content type of night ripper
www.freebase.com/m/028hx5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	what state is st. johns river located in
www.freebase.com/m/0v1wnqm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	What state was kathleen francour born in
www.freebase.com/m/09l5n2k	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/018w8	What netflix genre does this is a game, ladies fall under
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsklt	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01s7k	which ingredient is contained of carbogen 5/95 gas
www.freebase.com/m/05bkwdc	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	north panhandle is a neighborhood of what city
www.freebase.com/m/0drx7wk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	What nationality is juliette haigh?
www.freebase.com/m/035zbtr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lbw9vq	what is the track list of the colour album
www.freebase.com/m/01574b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city did kim hunter pass away
www.freebase.com/m/03f2zz2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fbrdrd	which track is done by the artist mostly harmless
www.freebase.com/m/0chlsn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01756d	what type of music does marilyn rovell perform
www.freebase.com/m/0g0vm2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02qdyj	What company published the game tom & jerry: fists of furry
www.freebase.com/m/04xd_vr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	what is the topic of the book modern american queer history?
www.freebase.com/m/02rctk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/017t44	Where is kumiyama located?
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cryj6k	Name a western (genre) film.
www.freebase.com/m/03hgz0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hwxm	what kind of book is ragtime?
www.freebase.com/m/0f1nzcm	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	which format is we are one
www.freebase.com/m/0p7c02	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kmfz11	which track is part of remember me
www.freebase.com/m/05kw5b	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is ralph metzner from?
www.freebase.com/m/035kq7s	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zfx0l	what is a track of the jigsaw pieces album
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01wys3p	who plays the guitar
www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03wwpm	Who died as a result of suicide
www.freebase.com/m/02qd_td	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/07lrrt	What's a power or ability that jacob black possesses? 
www.freebase.com/m/025vyg4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/08w846	where was robin olds buried
www.freebase.com/m/0f5gn70	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m5_qkg	what is a song on oklahoma
www.freebase.com/m/0269q2m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form of composition is everything i need?
www.freebase.com/m/0fy_g9b	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what was the content type for brubeck trio with cal tjader, volume 2 
www.freebase.com/m/01l3lzr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k11	what is producer company of daniel boone
www.freebase.com/m/0dxkrrd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m6wkpf	what tracks are on life goes on?
www.freebase.com/m/0827d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08ltyj	who's a brazilian musician who gets categorized under world music
www.freebase.com/m/0494thq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	Which state can you find travellers rest in
www.freebase.com/m/08ryv7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05qq6m	Where is malakoff located?
www.freebase.com/m/034j5bf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xcbnp	What's a song from miserere
www.freebase.com/m/0nfsx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b3q7b	Which landing is found in yalobusha county?
www.freebase.com/m/06t5r4f	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	What position does joe werrick play?
www.freebase.com/m/03fxh6w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rf_x1	Who is the artist of the album a split of nightmares?
www.freebase.com/m/086k8	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/026hh0m	What science fiction movie did warner bros. make?
www.freebase.com/m/02wl3c3	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is eddie guerra's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0xq_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/04gmp_z	who did the art direction for jailhouse rock (film)
www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/08yd9n	whats the name of a netlfix  television movie 
www.freebase.com/m/03d6fyn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/04f17kv	what games have been published by activision blizzard
www.freebase.com/m/07323x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	is evilenko a animation or crime fiction film
www.freebase.com/m/04t50hr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	the house at pooh corner is what type of literary work
www.freebase.com/m/0899b	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/practices	www.freebase.com/m/05b3c	name a practice done by the zen  religion
www.freebase.com/m/0282mmr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	what is lowes moore known for
www.freebase.com/m/09wrql	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What country is kit√≠n mu√±oz from?
www.freebase.com/m/0q3zlpz	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/type_of_place_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/01wb7	The first congregational church is an example of what kind of building
www.freebase.com/m/08zhwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06zfw	what sport is yanya caballista: city skater about?
www.freebase.com/m/0lxh4vp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fghsv	the track i miss you  is part of what release
www.freebase.com/m/02rkx05	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was thomas c. love born?
www.freebase.com/m/028mpr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02vwz59	what notable athlete was born in curitiba?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxrlc	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/02r79_h	what 2009 film is victor hadida an executive producer of?
www.freebase.com/m/088b8j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which nation state is george roussos from
www.freebase.com/m/030z23	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	what is lor√°nd e√∂tv√∂ss place of death
www.freebase.com/m/03zkgf	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/028v3	what type of book is the adventure of the engineer's thumb
www.freebase.com/m/017236	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02qrkvj	which district is located in chongqing
www.freebase.com/m/03c0cks	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2s6	What is the birth place of horace ivory?
www.freebase.com/m/0h969j8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of album is while we're young
www.freebase.com/m/0c00xkj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	where did harriet hemings die 
www.freebase.com/m/0sqtyfl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0q58hzn	What is the name of the artist that recorded smoke without fire
www.freebase.com/m/026x_1	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is sydney roosters team colors?
www.freebase.com/m/01fj53	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/work_of_fiction/part_of_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/0h_03cv	Who is a character is macgyver
www.freebase.com/m/01p5t9h	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zqgpg8	which song did paddy mcaloon write
www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j0nxn	what album includes speed metal music
www.freebase.com/m/02hxd77	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	which country's main language is seberuang language
www.freebase.com/m/0ytd946	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k049	what city and state did abe roth pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/09l65	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02q5fv1	Name a singer
www.freebase.com/m/0_69j3g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01ndfjw	which composer composed the lives of me
www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08l5_r	Who's a musician that plays metalcore?
www.freebase.com/m/0f15ls	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where was victor hugo halperin born?
www.freebase.com/m/08y8wb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of ingo steuer
www.freebase.com/m/05n0276	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/0jfb0	what biological agent is the cause of viral meningitis
www.freebase.com/m/0gcy97r	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dhdp	where is philip voss born
www.freebase.com/m/07h4yp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01q03	What is the genre of fletch (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/024vrvl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0zm3932	what is a recording of a christmas carol
www.freebase.com/m/04612qd	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/057jmp	what is a the game version of bioshock
www.freebase.com/m/0nncxq8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09d89qd	who recorded a time to say goodbye 
www.freebase.com/m/0b__p33	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which star system does (6831) 1991 um1 belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0zrv67g	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/0by01h	What did michael j. freeman invent?
www.freebase.com/m/024tkl1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ls56_w	which tracks are found in the recording paul mccartney?
www.freebase.com/m/06_f7gs	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	what is the architectural style of the rockingham county courthouse
www.freebase.com/m/063tn	www.freebase.com/theater/theatrical_composer/plays_composed	www.freebase.com/m/07kg7c	what play was composed by pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8vm9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06mx8	what genre is the film ...but film is my mistress on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0jqyh4p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was line describing your mom filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0f71_dx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_n2l7	What's a song featured on diana ross
www.freebase.com/m/01j4cpd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	Is divine light a remix or studio album
www.freebase.com/m/09lc9	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification_rank/organism_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/0d2gsz	What is a classification of genus?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03ygn0x	What is the name of a planetary system in the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/02hm2sp	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/07pj3	What platform is used for the game raiden?
www.freebase.com/m/05q6phk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of music is on band of gold?
www.freebase.com/m/026ycp1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was micawber filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/07034y	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what is an instrument that rory block knows how to play?
www.freebase.com/m/013tk3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is north america is williams creek located 
www.freebase.com/m/0cnyrz3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	what nationality is asif ali malik
www.freebase.com/m/0c90cx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/015qh4	who wrote lyrics to i saw the light
www.freebase.com/m/04v90cs	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01_t_w	who is the author of market forces (gollancz)?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp5nl0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09dr37	Which artist recorded big dog
www.freebase.com/m/06yqsw	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/03bkkv	which harry potter series did rufus scrimgeour appeared in?
www.freebase.com/m/02kl3p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0yj9v	where did timothy bloodworth die 
www.freebase.com/m/0276wsx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is t. j. cunningham from 
www.freebase.com/m/05spx18	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	is frankenchicken a full or short film
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrsk1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0cf417	What is the dosage from of titanium dioxide 0.0258 lotion
www.freebase.com/m/026gr0h	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sex	www.freebase.com/m/01g8b0	What is the sex of the racehorse breed sydeston
www.freebase.com/m/052bw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05zhpby	who was born in manchester?
www.freebase.com/m/01hby8c	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of music is played in the patience album by George Michael
www.freebase.com/m/02s8y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt411	In what parts of the body can epinephrine be found?
www.freebase.com/m/01ld1v	www.freebase.com/base/onephylogeny/type_of_thing/included_in	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5744	What type of weapon is a blowgun
www.freebase.com/m/0b_g0p	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0fs90z4	what is a release produced by dave wyndorf
www.freebase.com/m/01nchl	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/025jdf	what is tyrant flycatcher classified as
www.freebase.com/m/02642dq	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0d05q4	what country has battle of zumail
www.freebase.com/m/0np4sj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031176_	what release is the recording  vienna from
www.freebase.com/m/0crsshy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what genre was the 2009 film mandrill 
www.freebase.com/m/01vs14j	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zhhbz0	What is the name of a composition by larry mullen, jr.?
www.freebase.com/m/039ksvj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was intentions released
www.freebase.com/m/03wn5d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	What music genre does ian broudie's music fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0d0smr	What is an adventure cvg game?
www.freebase.com/m/03jch_p	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what format was chopsticks released as
www.freebase.com/m/01wbr36	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cl2y	what label represents art of dying
www.freebase.com/m/0xkh7s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cfgd	which artist recorded fault line
www.freebase.com/m/0wyq513	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of the organism longboat?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvj_m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01m1y	what types of music is used in in search of the english folk song in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/05q0__d	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/01wvrl	what is the 1922 edition of the book siddhartha?
www.freebase.com/m/04xvh5	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03t97y	what is a costume drama film 
www.freebase.com/m/0ccvx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04gvq41	Name a person born in queens
www.freebase.com/m/047qbnh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which position did mark quayle mostly play during his career
www.freebase.com/m/0zb3stj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	which language is used in warera no jidai
www.freebase.com/m/0g5rdsf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0vtn	who wrote taking steps
www.freebase.com/m/07wj5d5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/048fgd	Who is the composer of licence to kill by John Barry, Michael Kamen, and Anthony Newley?
www.freebase.com/m/023xcn	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0242kp	who was involved in the battle of oriskany?
www.freebase.com/m/01s2bb5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What type of album is bicho baile show
www.freebase.com/m/03cc0x	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does fernando ricksen play at?
www.freebase.com/m/03z4cpp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of musical composition is little lucid moments
www.freebase.com/m/01hgx1f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	which genre is the album forbidden zone
www.freebase.com/m/0fb782	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07ffjc	what is the genre of the red jumpsuit apparatus
www.freebase.com/m/08hlc_	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_racing_organization_owner/racing_organization_owned	www.freebase.com/m/07npwr	what institution does richard childress create
www.freebase.com/m/0gy7tdj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what country is salon mexico from?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6hkk	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05fpkm	who directed the film calypso cat
www.freebase.com/m/0z8n094	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Which city was owen cathcart-jones born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g572zv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what film genre is nayam vyakthamakkunnu
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y7dtl	What is the name of an object of an asteroid?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddcjz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/014_xj	Who was the lyricist from the song can i play with madness
www.freebase.com/m/0dg9t5k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bv9	what language is used in amnesia
www.freebase.com/m/01n194	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dv6v4	Name a location in ancash region.
www.freebase.com/m/0clf3s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	was the film helpmates in color or black-and-white?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6yk2	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does football player tom√°≈° necid play
www.freebase.com/m/03cmjdb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0yxl	Name an english writer who created the Sodam Yat fictional character
www.freebase.com/m/03x23q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hnl	what is grambling state university
www.freebase.com/m/027d1j	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what was elaine marshall
www.freebase.com/m/04m0pv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is harry boland known for being
www.freebase.com/m/0gdkwf6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is Emily Kwan's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/027rnrg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	what genre best classifies inferno
www.freebase.com/m/0wzml1k	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	what is the profession of bethany johnson?
www.freebase.com/m/018hzk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0cc9mw5	what is a cooking show about cupcakes 
www.freebase.com/m/088bbl	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_creature/fictional_creature_species	www.freebase.com/m/01hxbg	what kind of animal was aximili-esgarrouth-isthill
www.freebase.com/m/0gj9j6j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is masud sabri's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtlr0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0x37g	where was ed bouchee born?
www.freebase.com/m/0grg43	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what genre is silverspirit
www.freebase.com/m/04w99r0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What's the subject of wong on dice
www.freebase.com/m/0fqr1hk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0f80h	who is the artist of battle hymns mmxi
www.freebase.com/m/01m0kc4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g67z7z	what is the name of a work by focus
www.freebase.com/m/02xmwn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/071vr	what californian city was  michael j. mcculley born
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0266grb	who is a noteworthy pop music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0czbkjh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	What genre of music does dj tarkan create?
www.freebase.com/m/02pwln1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what is the format of the radio station dxip?
www.freebase.com/m/05mxns9	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01tnbn	Who wrote the film postcards from the edge?
www.freebase.com/m/032mhk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	What genre is the artist Brian Robertson?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd88pb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what was disco
www.freebase.com/m/048xrzd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nz3k	What county is brookstone within
www.freebase.com/m/02h664x	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03y9cqy	what are the names of russian basketball players?
www.freebase.com/m/027wfx3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was have you got any castles? filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/01nsr7r	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nsrkx	which artist made the album greatest slow jams, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/0j7m_4k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is mcconkey?
www.freebase.com/m/0fz53g	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	where did broholmer originate from
www.freebase.com/m/03y037m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018d9w	where in norway was steffen nystr√∏m's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc5q7f	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/026sdt1	What is aurelie kyinn's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0_pt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what is 11017 billputnam a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/05kg7pd	www.freebase.com/base/digitalcameras/slr_lens/lens_type	www.freebase.com/m/01bt4g	what type of lens come with the sony 16mm
www.freebase.com/m/03whm6p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0y4f8	what type of music is on stoney end?
www.freebase.com/m/06msq	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/097p__	who was the artist of a  sculpture art piece
www.freebase.com/m/0kcb3sf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06npd	what eastern country contains hana gregorov√°'s nationality
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l_0xp	What is the name of the studio album released by a Brazilian band?
www.freebase.com/m/05nl_d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was used in the tv program tom & jerry kids
www.freebase.com/m/01w54vq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What kind of music does tim vanhamel perform?
www.freebase.com/m/04_fcc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what health problem killed navin nischol
www.freebase.com/m/03ygcwr	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is the categorical name of 4170 semmelweis
www.freebase.com/m/09rt6d7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0947l	Where did giulio bosetti die
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02r610d	What is the name of the director of the film  Ma vie en rose?
www.freebase.com/m/0g64dz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country does elizabeth larner have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0q64w9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03flqc4	what release came from the recording she's gone?
www.freebase.com/m/044kzy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kr_	Where is old mans lake?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldd	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/05j8ln	what book is written by agatha christie?
www.freebase.com/m/0clzjm	www.freebase.com/education/academic/research_areas	www.freebase.com/m/01pdq	what subject does martin kay study?
www.freebase.com/m/017gjd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k63pd	What is the name of an album by fairport convention?
www.freebase.com/m/026w177	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06rt9	What language is spoken in journey of hope
www.freebase.com/m/0rsp0	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0j_1v	What is the name of the county that north deland is located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh70l	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is donepezil hydrochloride 5 film coated tablet sold in
www.freebase.com/m/09djp4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What religion is Ignaz Kuranda?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5287z	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (42513) 1993 sh15 orbit around
www.freebase.com/m/030wx0	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	Which religion is practiced by cathedral of our lady of peace
www.freebase.com/m/04j092j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country made the film heimat 3: a chronicle of beginnings and endings
www.freebase.com/m/045zvrx	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/058s57	What's an artist that is played on radioio country mix
www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0421bfv	what asteroid was found in la silla observatory
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs9_s	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02_fsl	what is an active ingredient in valdecoxib 20 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01hljdn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03fzcnb	what is an album by inner city
www.freebase.com/m/01z1jf2	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/0wk1vjd	Name a restaurant that serves american food?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bs63m4	what album is a live album?
www.freebase.com/m/0m40r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	what did wendy hiller die from
www.freebase.com/m/0660bth	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0161rf	arunpong chaiwinit is popular for what kind of music
www.freebase.com/m/0dp8rq8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vpcn5	who is the artist of the album the mikado (1973 d‚Äôoyly carte cast)?
www.freebase.com/m/015lqg1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03x88g	who wrote and recorded the song murder
www.freebase.com/m/0b_ztzc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/038_4_	who discovered (6872) 1993 cn1
www.freebase.com/m/01lglqp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ydzx	who is the artist for live wood
www.freebase.com/m/0gdvhp3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q4fj9	what artist made the recording spain
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05b0lr3	what movie is in romance film
www.freebase.com/m/09sfbs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is terry carter from
www.freebase.com/m/0gcxqr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the tv show jot
www.freebase.com/m/0f2thk4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is concierto de aranjuez
www.freebase.com/m/026p20z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/018gz8	what does tom rhodes do
www.freebase.com/m/0zpgk80	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the grandmaster released 
www.freebase.com/m/02qrqh2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cgk90_	which man was born in radstadt?
www.freebase.com/m/021xx2	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/01b_5g	what is the medical treatment for metoclopramide
www.freebase.com/m/0gbq6q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what book genre is track of the zombie 
www.freebase.com/m/0m8bn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqft3r	what is the name of a track by deep dish that is named after californias capital
www.freebase.com/m/0nnlwjk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05mt7ny	who recorded till the world ends (the femme fatale remix)
www.freebase.com/m/02rkr4n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of james brooks (whig)?
www.freebase.com/m/0463kn8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	what's lawrence fordyce's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0crx18s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kinds of movie is johnny morran
www.freebase.com/m/0fctx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ngvvwr	what japanese was born in manchukuo
www.freebase.com/m/097qj4	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/089g6	What type of activism does alan dershowitz take part in
www.freebase.com/m/0fkcwqs	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was all the worlds a stage released in 
www.freebase.com/m/04w3d1q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	what types of book is the tiger prince
www.freebase.com/m/053_fhz	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01wy6	what instrument does catherine delaunay know how to play?
www.freebase.com/m/0z88hds	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ck6r	Where was martyn ellis born
www.freebase.com/m/0gr270	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is miagliano within
www.freebase.com/m/01r2_p8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	What genre in the neck and neck album
www.freebase.com/m/04fdttb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What region was bad released in originally?
www.freebase.com/m/02ppyzm	www.freebase.com/sports/school_sports_team/athletics_brand	www.freebase.com/m/0cb9b2	The LSU Lady Tigers Basketball Team is a part of what athletics brand?
www.freebase.com/m/028yn6z	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07dt0m	who was the publisher for the book running with the demon 
www.freebase.com/m/0k8tdkm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of movie is the canadian?
www.freebase.com/m/0kft96m	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	what position in football does  andrew brewer play
www.freebase.com/m/0_jfr7p	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01lvgb6	Who composed little things
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01prt0h	who played the guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/0289k4q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music is the album lore
www.freebase.com/m/034cf8	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/02swz_	what kind of car is volvo c30
www.freebase.com/m/02vm5bt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01r1jx	who's album is faye wong
www.freebase.com/m/06hknm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre of music does kat-tun create?
www.freebase.com/m/07rhdm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country contains the birmingham central mosque
www.freebase.com/m/0465jsh	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02vxn	What kind of business does media rights capital have
www.freebase.com/m/01j19q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	where was richard chenevix trench born
www.freebase.com/m/0bgksj4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is chikabo kumada male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/01v1s8t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/012gzrp	which tracks were created by jim clarke?
www.freebase.com/m/08v7dt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which nation is main prem ki diwani hoon filmed at?
www.freebase.com/m/027ly23	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	What is the name of the publisher for the video game Soldier Blade?
www.freebase.com/m/06t8v	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/02n0zz	Name an administrative division in Slovenia. 
www.freebase.com/m/0jcqs0q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	where in louisiana is aderious simmons from
www.freebase.com/m/0jt3m9f	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	in what language was hamara bajaj spoken
www.freebase.com/m/09lmpg5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04kf4	Where did regina johanna bach die?
www.freebase.com/m/01ny1z	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/06_1kth	Who was the namesake of thomas hart benton (painter)
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjd7r	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is loratadine 10 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02k_kn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0hgm_vj	what album is soft rock?
www.freebase.com/m/03x_p13	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0d7wh	What is the ethnicity of tom mannion?
www.freebase.com/m/02620p6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the art form of christ child with a walking frame
www.freebase.com/m/04vmnzl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what type of binding does the cradle will fall have?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dgqzhz	what indie rock album was the debut album for The Antlers?
www.freebase.com/m/01qcypv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is featured on the album apparitions of melody
www.freebase.com/m/03c7qcr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z13b	Where was sait≈ç yoshitatsu born?
www.freebase.com/m/017dvp	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/01pvcy	what writing system does the avestan language use?
www.freebase.com/m/04pqqb	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06p52b	what movie did arnon milchan produce
www.freebase.com/m/09rgzf	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	what is the unit size of 14th new hampshire volunteer infantry
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/09g82d9	what is one of the municipalities located in brazil
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j2797	whats the title of a  compilation album by the statler brothers
www.freebase.com/m/044wv	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/078kkz	Who does james d. watson advise
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr7sx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of lomotil
www.freebase.com/m/033k3s	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0109dh	What is a band that produces music in the genre of speedcore
www.freebase.com/m/0jxs_rl	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/04sg5	What is the flavor of nicotine 4 chewing gum
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_269	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	verdi: messa da requiem: abbado is a film of what genre
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04n5yk2	What is an example of a black-and-white film?
www.freebase.com/m/0dln5g4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dn16	what musical genre is  twinn connexion known for creating
www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/04cw92k	what type of school is private university 
www.freebase.com/m/09d2z6	www.freebase.com/base/argumentmaps/innovator/original_ideas	www.freebase.com/m/09ylpk	What type of poetry did sachal sarmast write?
www.freebase.com/m/04rc46	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what is the place of death of paul rauch?
www.freebase.com/m/0dt31k	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	Which company developed onimusha 2
www.freebase.com/m/05m908	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does charles gonthier practice
www.freebase.com/m/0bvqfnc	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dm_32	What film did regina ziegler produce?
www.freebase.com/m/04tcb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/physiologic_effect	www.freebase.com/m/023kv_	is enflurane used in general anaesthesia
www.freebase.com/m/05q0x7	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_driver/car_make	www.freebase.com/m/0h5y1j0	what is the make of the car that dave blaney drives?
www.freebase.com/m/03cmhm1	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0488g9	who produced the new alice in wonderland?
www.freebase.com/m/01f8f7	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd8	which rating is 2046
www.freebase.com/m/03k3b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/03lps3	Where did the artist hawkwind originate
www.freebase.com/m/08r9_1	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01515d	what kind of powers does the character shadow thief have?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrdrf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is the drug bouteloua gracilis pollen 50 injectable solution administered
www.freebase.com/m/0t2d1b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0300zrh	which album is zombie nation's song the stand on
www.freebase.com/m/0c6w76p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d0wt	where was the birthplace of eckhard naumann
www.freebase.com/m/02hmkql	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/066kp	What gaming platform is star trek: voyager elite force on
www.freebase.com/m/0jq4r	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/04qxhh	who wrote bride of frankenstein 
www.freebase.com/m/0q1_wyn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what is danse la danse classified as 
www.freebase.com/m/03chqgw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	from which european country is drummond money-coutts from
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03yh2cc	name an object found in an asteroid belt 
www.freebase.com/m/05f8ykg	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does  billy briscoe play
www.freebase.com/m/029cr	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/043kg9y	Name a tourist attraction in dayton, ohio
www.freebase.com/m/01dj4mw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037lxr5	What release is the recording nowhereness from?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4r6q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09kqc	which subjects is the book golfing about
www.freebase.com/m/0h453y	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/034z2h	What weight division is boxer guty espadas, jr. in?
www.freebase.com/m/01lpyry	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbwn0	what is the content of artist brian hyland 
www.freebase.com/m/0n3sl	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b7c8_	What is a city in the country richmond?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mcs5j	what is a studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/05qd_	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/03dbjv	What's a movie produced by paramount pictures starring jack black
www.freebase.com/m/07s4n6z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/05p185j	who created the show tough love
www.freebase.com/m/0w2vs_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is clyde ventura male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/01l9_5z	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xjb	What is the genre of music by jody watley?
www.freebase.com/m/033g0q0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n703nc	Where was Guilty Pleasure released?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0zwylmb	which animated short film was released in 2013? 
www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/08tn9v	bob dylan was the composer of this song by the The Traveling Wilburys
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03md1n8	what is the name of a alternative rock by blue october
www.freebase.com/m/0gc19cw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	What is the birthplace of nicholas hormann?
www.freebase.com/m/088h_p	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/03hbyd	Who was the author of the punisher?
www.freebase.com/m/0381wfh	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country released feast annually
www.freebase.com/m/0r2fsg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pbcp4	who recorded the song 1995
www.freebase.com/m/04w4r_p	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What kind of book is vanishing point?
www.freebase.com/m/0czcj_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	which genre is dolly: the seeker/we used to affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/0nf373z	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position did niko gie√üelmann play
www.freebase.com/m/0l9f6y3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035jrcd	what is a track made by elvis presley
www.freebase.com/m/07kf35q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01d2wb	who is the author of star trek
www.freebase.com/m/0g2tb3n	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the album he is never coming back released?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwmp	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/07lxjp	Who was in charge of the costume design for the film brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/04lg6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/person_in_fiction/representations_in_fiction	www.freebase.com/m/03qp5b	what is a fictional character that is based on leonardo da vinci
www.freebase.com/m/09v9d6m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05g9j5	Where was hanad zakaria warsame when they died
www.freebase.com/m/0ytm9ft	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hhqp	who is the artist that recorded the album child of the universe (the essential collection)?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02qwr9l	who is a football player that plays defender?
www.freebase.com/m/076x9h1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does gabriel spera identity as?
www.freebase.com/m/09kjmq3	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is the profession of Paul B. Radin?
www.freebase.com/m/080n_m7	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/011k4g	who created the music for the film raw! raw! rooster!
www.freebase.com/m/0456zg	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dlcq9	who wrote the screenplay for alfie 
www.freebase.com/m/0x1vp8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Which country was elzbieta jodlowska from
www.freebase.com/m/021yyx	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/0166b	which country does federation of bosnia and herzegovina belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01k5lkz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what is the genre of the album party animals (album)
www.freebase.com/m/032mpkd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	where was where you put your trust released 
www.freebase.com/m/05zsv_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05t4q	What is Peter Chrysologus profession?
www.freebase.com/m/019wpy	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/07yz98	What is used to treat spinal tuberculosis?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2tvg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What's a topic discussed in wind flyers
www.freebase.com/m/02qg5bf	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what type of basketball position does oscar walker play?
www.freebase.com/m/0sh0ysl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0spm8zd	what recording is the song dance with my father on
www.freebase.com/m/06t1xh	www.freebase.com/opera/opera/genre	www.freebase.com/m/084ngq	what best describes the opera 1984
www.freebase.com/m/02x5gz0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was american mullet filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0w7ptpg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0w7pgnv	what is a recording of new orleans?
www.freebase.com/m/01trtc	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/068zsj	Which rapper has been signed to interscope records
www.freebase.com/m/0j6x8	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/08tf7b	who is indigenous australians
www.freebase.com/m/0hqthrj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	what form of dosage does abls original scent come in
www.freebase.com/m/0m698	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02rd887	who produced the film  china o'brien
www.freebase.com/m/026ybd4	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/048g08	what movement did tom mooney attend
www.freebase.com/m/01m7why	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which type of media was master s√©rie, volume 1 released as
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wbyrv	what is the name of a known autobiography book
www.freebase.com/m/063_99n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	which genre of music does tony de la rosa play in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h72gq3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country created the film  prema kavali
www.freebase.com/m/02rv1qp	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02wwz7x	Name an artist under the record label sparton records.
www.freebase.com/m/01bg1k	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/017drs	does pee wee reese play shortstop or power forward
www.freebase.com/m/01n4bh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03wx7s	Who made the album acid jazz?
www.freebase.com/m/04gp3j_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	Cab Number 13 is a film in what language?
www.freebase.com/m/0495xsm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	Where is culbertson?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02rbcxb	what is a documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6mh31	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04fxf6	who wrote the album sugar and spice
www.freebase.com/m/0fxw65l	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was believe released in
www.freebase.com/m/04wd2b3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02y_6gh	what people group is people of the short blue corn written on
www.freebase.com/m/01j1j2	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/08b696	what school helps further education?
www.freebase.com/m/0d5fzh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013m57	In which Texas city lee nguyen was born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0zwskdt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/04q8q11	which series does the episode dubai belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/021h0t	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04v8kcc	Name an edition of the book black beauty
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03c3qrk	Who is someone born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0h5l0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is solaris
www.freebase.com/m/018vyp4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0prw1	who is the musician for painter
www.freebase.com/m/0kfmv3x	www.freebase.com/conferences/conference_series/subject	www.freebase.com/m/05wd8	what is the focus of the sydney lacan workshop
www.freebase.com/m/04t0b41	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What type of book is 1863
www.freebase.com/m/02rmws7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	What type of film is the three musketeers considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/04qp06	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03crjmv	which film is rakesh roshan credited as a producer?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clw6w_	which beauty school is located in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/075fhw	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02n473	Which organization was john bosco a founder for?
www.freebase.com/m/0clnz84	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country produced the film lif og daudi henry darger
www.freebase.com/m/04t0rnm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what is the genre of nicotine kiss
www.freebase.com/m/06z10nh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/01s81	What tv series included the episode license to hill
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bnp3wl	cancer killed what film director
www.freebase.com/m/026c3fm	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	What is the classification rank of terminalia arjuna
www.freebase.com/m/05kqgz	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	What diet is solanum centrale compatbile with
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h4pg2x	Which album was also a release album?
www.freebase.com/m/0286y7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does rich caster have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/03gv_rg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What was William Whitla's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0drwdf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was frederick attenborough born
www.freebase.com/m/0bpk1yy	www.freebase.com/base/skosbase/skos_concept/narrower_topic	www.freebase.com/m/0266180	what is the topic of portraits 
www.freebase.com/m/04b6_dt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	what state is  kelsey in
www.freebase.com/m/0892lz	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gf_c5	what is the content of diecast broadcast
www.freebase.com/m/0yt_768	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0ytqtfm	What album was crimson released off of
www.freebase.com/m/019g5s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013g3	eli cohen, the Israeli spy, was born in what city
www.freebase.com/m/0c3yppf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is dave hause from the untied states or canada
www.freebase.com/m/0b5020	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/03plfd	what time zone is ei≈°i≈°kƒós in?
www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/05y_yh5	What event is in Japan?
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0qsbyv5	who was born in chicago
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0h3plym	Who is the name of a defender
www.freebase.com/m/0vtb5	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is the alaska township located in
www.freebase.com/m/0g260bc	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	Where was de f√∏rste √•r released?
www.freebase.com/m/03cw5d0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What european country is jan boeckhorst from?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmd2vp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016j9y	who is the artist who recorded silver
www.freebase.com/m/0vt6pjb	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/06d8nj	Who is the son of muriel kubert?
www.freebase.com/m/0559wc	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jt_05	who wrote balto (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0bb9t5w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what's one of the categories that netflix puts half broken things
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0k_nql	Who is an african american baseball player?
www.freebase.com/m/041dzb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02y21l	which label do the von bondies record under
www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cnd_v	what is a film that falls under the romantic comedy genre?
www.freebase.com/m/01pxqx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05f7tby	what footballers were born in monrovia
www.freebase.com/m/0105hm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	What state is hallettsville in
www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05f96j8	Name an album from the thrash metal genre.
www.freebase.com/m/0tr07	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04gq445	who was born in south paris?
www.freebase.com/m/02q5_s8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0vmt	which state is perry high school in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5pysj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	What type of music is the album blanc burn?
www.freebase.com/m/0zk77rn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form does israeli geography 101 come in?
www.freebase.com/m/06yxd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04bq2jz	what city near Columbia is located in south carolina
www.freebase.com/m/01t31m	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/bridges	www.freebase.com/m/0cb8vs	what is the name of the bridge that crosses the patuxent river
www.freebase.com/m/02w8gr9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_series/games_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/026_br6	What's a game that's part of the burnout series
www.freebase.com/m/0343h	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05xv7g	what film did george lucas direct?
www.freebase.com/m/02rzrh0	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position in baseball does calvin maduro play?
www.freebase.com/m/03wbdnl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	Which star does 2594 acamas orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0fww28n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is kingston
www.freebase.com/m/0w5dy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	Where is sodus township located in the u.s.?
www.freebase.com/m/04fzzvx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What type of art form is william shakespeare burton?
www.freebase.com/m/07b5cr	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/05_wzxn	What is a written piece done by the author jerry bailey
www.freebase.com/m/0f0hs1g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is o holy night known as?
www.freebase.com/m/07vn_9	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/086k8	what is the production company of zodiac (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w5vcc	what book is canada the topic of
www.freebase.com/m/04fzy_d	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	In what language is the dialogue from the film Four Nights of a Dreamer?
www.freebase.com/m/01hctxp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is drivin' south
www.freebase.com/m/058nt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/03cz2g5	What is the name of a  female marvel universe character?
www.freebase.com/m/0ny80	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bh0tv	Name a person who works as a confidence artist.
www.freebase.com/m/01l9c3z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0579y57	What is an album by regina belle?
www.freebase.com/m/04wc1xz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What is an example of a fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/0pd2t8x	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	what is yasuyuki shinozaki's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/049_dn5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	where is traunik located?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0260rrm	what's a fiction book by anthony powell
www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03gv6lj	what are albums in the genre of experimental music
www.freebase.com/m/04lgn8q	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	In which country was The Last Shot You Hear filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0frsrl	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02jjt	what type of industry is dualstar
www.freebase.com/m/0268m70	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is nesmith ankeny's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0bbhb16	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01wvqk	Who wrote california
www.freebase.com/m/024zn0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05kpwk1	Who is rosa delauro?
www.freebase.com/m/04g1bz	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0298wnc	who is  jon cryers child
www.freebase.com/m/0g7p55	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02bd41	which city was locates mount merbabu
www.freebase.com/m/05ymrz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0qfv9g5	what kind of music does darkest hour (band) play?
www.freebase.com/m/03h50m1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02h222	Where is malai located
www.freebase.com/m/0h3lr0_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What celestial object is (29219) 1992 bj?
www.freebase.com/m/0f56cp_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03f5spx	who is the producer of the recording?
www.freebase.com/m/03mgbdc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	vorges-les-pins is located in which European country?
www.freebase.com/m/051_y	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/025swk3	which roman emperor was murdered?
www.freebase.com/m/033y0t4	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country released comfortably homeless
www.freebase.com/m/0chkrf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is the film lassie based in?
www.freebase.com/m/0471ng	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01nf	What type of area is East New York, Brooklyn?
www.freebase.com/m/04crzyj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what kind of music does mark janicello perform
www.freebase.com/m/0fhhp19	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is int√©grale, volume 16: \\"festival 48\\"
www.freebase.com/m/0_wv5	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08dl6r	WHo was born in carthage
www.freebase.com/m/03f5vc1	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/013y1f	what instrument does chris walla play
www.freebase.com/m/05drvv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dzbm5r	Name a track by the artist flora purim
www.freebase.com/m/0j8f065	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01msqk	what music is in the film a fierce green fire?
www.freebase.com/m/0w3sb9r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is ryann green from?
www.freebase.com/m/0lyz56q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is morteza ahadi?
www.freebase.com/m/07s8gkl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is the exiled realm of arborea
www.freebase.com/m/0yqd6_3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/029cr	where was quintin cooper born?
www.freebase.com/m/0s8v71z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what does hyder edward rollins do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0ld0hcp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is joe bou eid's job?
www.freebase.com/m/07_kkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what type of film is codename icarus?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq229t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0151l	What is a title of a film in the classics genre
www.freebase.com/m/07z0ml	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f485	what city is museums, libraries and archives council located in
www.freebase.com/m/01m0zwq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is number one hits?
www.freebase.com/m/025_nb1	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gfjdqj	what film is directed by michel ocelot?
www.freebase.com/m/072bkn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	Who created the fictional character kuma?
www.freebase.com/m/043pjd5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what football position does mukhsin mukhamadiev play
www.freebase.com/m/02hxl0c	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	what is the region of the agta, isarog language
www.freebase.com/m/01html	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01vtnc	where was mahmoud abbas born
www.freebase.com/m/09v1j5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what kind of book is mcteague
www.freebase.com/m/07ssym	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What genre is disgorge
www.freebase.com/m/02q9_s_	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/03pm9	Who wrote the story for a dolls house
www.freebase.com/m/0chv1d	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	birds invasion of kentucky was a phase involved in which war
www.freebase.com/m/04c3cml	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	What state is eton hill in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bkmf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r15k	where did clark gable pass away
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/05q8mqf	who is a famous instrumentalist that plays  drum kit
www.freebase.com/m/03g_hc_	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02g0rb	who is stella banderas's mom
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsr6q	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is chinese elm 40000 injectable solution's legal status
www.freebase.com/m/0s9nz5w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is george higgins ii's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_5dy3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country released  tougher than leather
www.freebase.com/m/04wgpb5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	is mick jagger an autobiography or biography 
www.freebase.com/m/0bq9snb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lpfh	Which city was alberto isola born in
www.freebase.com/m/02yqq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	what is the subject of fahrenheit 451?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl8gx	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/04pz6s	who is a character in the book the wages of sin
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fq6lht	What is short animation film from the year 2010?
www.freebase.com/m/04n2ndp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is a language spoken in swift and shift couriers
www.freebase.com/m/0h0lyq	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03p8wz	who produced the film the scarlet lady
www.freebase.com/m/013l6l	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/051018	which former football player was born in sioux falls
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0rg2y52	what film in in the genre romance
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y19v_	which asteroid belt member orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05zs095	what is an alternative rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/01hjw53	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0l54r	Who is the artist of the album salute?
www.freebase.com/m/027qw_	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	what is the rank of the organism classification phainopepla
www.freebase.com/m/03jh5hh	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what album content type is  promises promises (1969 studio cast)
www.freebase.com/m/0fcqfs	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_publisher/comic_book_series_published	www.freebase.com/m/03w8n0	Name a comic book series that shinshokan has published
www.freebase.com/m/0gcyhb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is dmitriy mamin-sibiryak
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030brjb	what release is from the label columbia records?
www.freebase.com/m/01k08w	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/capital	www.freebase.com/m/0b72mc	what is the capital of chemnitzer land
www.freebase.com/m/0k04zkb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star does (12671) 1980 fu orbit
www.freebase.com/m/09tkvvb	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0cz_ym	janty yates  was the costume designer for what film 
www.freebase.com/m/02zdk1	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	what war was william birdwood, 1st baron birdwood involved in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bgymb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	What universe did lara the illusionist appear in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rm03m	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is used in liget
www.freebase.com/m/0dm93c2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m958y	which artist recorded tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/016jxr	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/01kf5lf	What is the name of a film adaptation of the book goldfinger
www.freebase.com/m/03193l	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/017gb92	what track is produced by david grisman?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0h54f_n	who is a football defender
www.freebase.com/m/027q3_1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what genre of film is school for postmen 
www.freebase.com/m/0dt74w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats jacob lekgetho's biological gender
www.freebase.com/m/01830w	www.freebase.com/book/author/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/017vjg	what type of school of movement is august wilhelm von schlegel a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/05wpf4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was Roy Worters born?
www.freebase.com/m/01ww_vs	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zht6p0	What is a composition by gary numan?
www.freebase.com/m/01lhkxs	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is the best of the decca years
www.freebase.com/m/01tpf	www.freebase.com/base/mathematics1/mathematical_concept/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0tmw	Who was the cauchy sequence named after
www.freebase.com/m/035hqw	www.freebase.com/location/country/form_of_government	www.freebase.com/m/06cx9	what form of government does the yemen arab republic have 
www.freebase.com/m/01vrx35	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bb7tdv	what is a work by robbie robertson
www.freebase.com/m/02m0cg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/next_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/0367cs	What is the next book in the sabriel series?
www.freebase.com/m/0yg25	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	which time zone is mocksville located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04fgbld	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of music does calm before the storm play
www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bq9vcz	Which actor died of heart failure?
www.freebase.com/m/01h997d	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of 2004-05-31: ≈ölƒÖski stadium, chorz√≥w, poland
www.freebase.com/m/0x87rb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0137ys	which artist recorded spanish harlem
www.freebase.com/m/04trc5q	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01f07j	who is the editor of someone like me (quick read)
www.freebase.com/m/01g2gk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is joycelyn elders's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxtt6n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_k2t54	which song was baby (stand up) (emmon remix) recorded from
www.freebase.com/m/026360	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/congressional_caucus/current_house_members	www.freebase.com/m/034dxn	who is a member of the new democrat coalition
www.freebase.com/m/0zjhl6d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	The song thru‚Äô these architects eyes was written in what language?
www.freebase.com/m/0lt125n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01cq_lx	what is a recorded version of matilda?
www.freebase.com/m/01kpfn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	what genre of film is bwana devil
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dnt828	what is a single (music) album
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mdtl	What book would be speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/049rltt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bdl2	Who is the artist of "The Ultimate Collection"?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxtt2w	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k51hf	who was the editor of the love and honor movie
www.freebase.com/m/0zv6y6d	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what format was home for christmas released?
www.freebase.com/m/0yvgr	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/03rjl4	which female tv presenter is diagnosed with scoliosis?
www.freebase.com/m/03c_41n	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/078w2	who influenced martin meenan
www.freebase.com/m/04whqh9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/062z7	what is the subject of the book  public intellectuals: a study of decline
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0csrb9	who is a female character from Neighbours?
www.freebase.com/m/026lj	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01btgd	Who did david hume influence
www.freebase.com/m/078v5v	www.freebase.com/royalty/royal_line/monarchs_from_this_line	www.freebase.com/m/0jxm6	Name a monarch from the valentinian dynasty.
www.freebase.com/m/02hlb0y	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	which company published fury3?
www.freebase.com/m/03p1bz	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07h34	Which state is the elk river located in?
www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0d7y64	What's a movie available in the tamil language category on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02zzhl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which continent is holsworthy barracks based in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtfzf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of chlorthalidone 50 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hzbvzk	Who was born in California?
www.freebase.com/m/04w2zf4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02c3_1	who is the author of the education of the spirit?
www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01kgbt	Who is an artist from the alternative metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/0fj_dw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Who published the game freekstyle
www.freebase.com/m/01vjtd3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0326g	what type of music is el luis
www.freebase.com/m/07gj68	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/06zt2vd	what film was umberto lenzi the director of
www.freebase.com/m/0264jc6	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05q5n8b	what artist is in the freak folk genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0kztxf1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03248y5	what release has the track santa claus is coming to town on it 
www.freebase.com/m/02zfvv	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where did the american shorthair orginate from? 
www.freebase.com/m/0c8hfj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	what is the profession of lonnie lynn
www.freebase.com/m/0df219	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gvsjn8	what's a good example of a dj mix album
www.freebase.com/m/0_jz0_c	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form of song is this girl, black girl
www.freebase.com/m/0c0bg73	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What of film is san antone ambush
www.freebase.com/m/0mdxx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0x2b26s	what is the composition of girls just want to have fun
www.freebase.com/m/014qv7	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument is played by gavin rossdale
www.freebase.com/m/05kms	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01tfn76	which instrumentalist plays oboe
www.freebase.com/m/065xz04	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What type of book is bog child
www.freebase.com/m/0j_8y	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01bt14	what philosopher of the early 6th century impacted the work of seneca the younger
www.freebase.com/m/0clpml	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/02qw37p	what is the occupation of the fictional character james bond 
www.freebase.com/m/03g1435	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is pitch black
www.freebase.com/m/09fds4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02rxj	what religion does nicholas alexandrovich, tsarevich of russia practice 
www.freebase.com/m/01_4mn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/01jm5c	what is a grand theft auto cdv published by rockstar games
www.freebase.com/m/04k0p	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0152s7	what is the ethnicity of edward plunkett, 18th baron of dunsany
www.freebase.com/m/0bfhdk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/098phg	where is the town of tolfa located
www.freebase.com/m/03cpwgb	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	Which religion was mansur ali khan part of
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0l320	Name a county in united states
www.freebase.com/m/0dl9417	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was dead man's trail released?
www.freebase.com/m/0ktq_pl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031rkgc	what was brown sugar released on
www.freebase.com/m/01jm_q0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is plays in paris?
www.freebase.com/m/0838y	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/05fh61	what lyrics did weezer write?
www.freebase.com/m/0r0fp	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	What time zone is irwindale in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cryhr6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02pyg	What type of netflix film is x games: evolution of skate?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8l1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is roletto in 
www.freebase.com/m/05hj83	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What profession does jos√© abad santos have?
www.freebase.com/m/0d9l99	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0b0m1y	kan ishii was a composer for which film?
www.freebase.com/m/09_p_t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is john erickson?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3wpr6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/088q4	what is the nationality of gilbert mapemba
www.freebase.com/m/0dy05gc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mg1_k	what is the artist who recorded ethiopia?
www.freebase.com/m/0zv6phh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01r_nkk	Who is the artist that recorded pour it up (remix)
www.freebase.com/m/0bkf4	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0b6lc0_	Which song is bob marley given credit as lyricist
www.freebase.com/m/010k00	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mph0	which country is derby line in 
www.freebase.com/m/03h6416	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what profession does giorgi maisashvili have
www.freebase.com/m/01mgycw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nlb41z	What is a track by artist mikel erentxun?
www.freebase.com/m/0_mc45x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0_mgllg	what is a song on the album mozambique
www.freebase.com/m/0fb932	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0xms9	what area is turtle back zoo in
www.freebase.com/m/0w1z4q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0x3b7	Who was the artist responsible for the sweetheart of the rodeo
www.freebase.com/m/018cwm	www.freebase.com/base/argumentmaps/original_idea/innovator	www.freebase.com/m/026gwhx	who was the innovator for the idea of nonviolence?
www.freebase.com/m/0y60lpf	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/director	www.freebase.com/m/03d8x_6	who was the director of henry vi part 2
www.freebase.com/m/058mwwp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0137n0	who is the artist that recorded willie ‚Äì before his time
www.freebase.com/m/04t2jm3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01kqty	what type of book is entertaining with bluegrass winners cookbook
www.freebase.com/m/09pljg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what type of institute is lakeland regional high school
www.freebase.com/m/09rxyw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What type of artwork is girl interrupted at her music?
www.freebase.com/m/0g74mcl	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which region was spirits of the air, gremlins of the clouds released in
www.freebase.com/m/0gb4qxg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What type of composition is loves philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/0_jwhz3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is lost in
www.freebase.com/m/01j0117	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wdt91	Who is the rapper singer of the i like album?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcnbc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what was the subject of the written work  the dilemma of freedom and foreknowledge
www.freebase.com/m/0_hz55q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0cyhq	who composed shaking the blues away
www.freebase.com/m/059nhp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v2xzgf	who was born in huizhou
www.freebase.com/m/0265t4p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	who wrote the episode hell on earth 2006
www.freebase.com/m/04wdvrc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01kqty	Which genre of book is the trellis cookbook?
www.freebase.com/m/0fmv0fx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mn9bfd	what track list is in the release the feel good record of the year
www.freebase.com/m/03qbb30	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0197s6	what kind of art is the artwork counter-composition viii in?
www.freebase.com/m/019sc	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/07dp0r	what dog is black
www.freebase.com/m/02mq_y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0njbkv	What is a track by nick cave and the bad seeds?
www.freebase.com/m/049687c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	where is choctaw located?
www.freebase.com/m/042w_5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was michael walker (economist) born 
www.freebase.com/m/0gt_hv	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/subject/philosophers	www.freebase.com/m/05wm37t	who has philosophy of mind
www.freebase.com/m/0q7566f	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	In what format was until the quiet comes released
www.freebase.com/m/0hn3xp2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken throughout the little mermaid
www.freebase.com/m/0jnng	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/01jdyc	where does the minnesota wild play
www.freebase.com/m/0x3hv	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	what is the time zone of pinesdale?
www.freebase.com/m/0nlrqrk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02bm11	who recorded the only living boy in new york
www.freebase.com/m/0d_33tv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/049m1g8	What release includes the recording cocoon
www.freebase.com/m/02cnm0h	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	queen victoria's expired license means that is is now what kind of property
www.freebase.com/m/010h4m0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cfgd	Who recorded fireball
www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09v5f9f	whats the name of film score composer
www.freebase.com/m/03k50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/051wrjm	what is a type of hindi netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0ct_d0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What genre of music is means to an end
www.freebase.com/m/0g83nt	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0d5grw	which film was anand sai an art director for?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2jdt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	what is the netflix genre of the netflix title marc anthony: concert from madison square garden
www.freebase.com/m/03y8xxp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of music does dwane husbands make?
www.freebase.com/m/0xdy1jw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/013n_2z	which recording was released as the track triangle
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0105r7	What is a location in the north american central time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/01kwxpn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What genre of music is the album the monkees greatest hits?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlgcq	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	who was the developer of disney's hide and sneak
www.freebase.com/m/0rqfm8j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is kiyong kim's gender
www.freebase.com/m/06h_7p3	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/01s_5	what subject has ashton kutcher spoken about?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/03qgxxp	what is a drama tv program
www.freebase.com/m/05pcxy	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01tz6vs	which famous author was ernesto sabato influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/01qfh0n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/019rvp	where in england was peterwolfe born in?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w71kn	which book focuses on the united states
www.freebase.com/m/07s981	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What type of film is metro?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0m59	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0vh50	Where was ghiselin danckerts's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02p4pt3	www.freebase.com/royalty/royal_line/monarchs_from_this_line	www.freebase.com/m/0cl53	Name a person of the house of plantagenet
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02vzcnf	name a professional writer.
www.freebase.com/m/01jf7b1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	which genre of music does the album hullabaloo soundtrack belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03ccl6r	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of musical composition is music to crash your car to: vol. 1
www.freebase.com/m/06308b	www.freebase.com/broadcast/tv_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02q42w9	Who owns wjz-tv
www.freebase.com/m/0d_h8	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01tv5c	what kind of architectural style is eero saarinen
www.freebase.com/m/0sp8lcv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01cwdz7	The release track no money down is from which recording
www.freebase.com/m/01jh76	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_children	www.freebase.com/m/026g1d_	which location is the administrative child of mendoza province
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_6z1h3	what's a crime fiction movie
www.freebase.com/m/03h64	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bmdj0x	what is a hong kong netflix film?
www.freebase.com/m/027n9vp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release format of credo?
www.freebase.com/m/046lts	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0p7qm	Which film did richard mckenna contribute for?
www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/05j6xb	What is an example of a private school
www.freebase.com/m/0gltg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is alibi
www.freebase.com/m/02qr181	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0l9k1	who influenced jason smilovic 
www.freebase.com/m/09966t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where did karel teige die?
www.freebase.com/m/0bxzgdd	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Im what star system does (5985) 1942 rj reside
www.freebase.com/m/0x21_jm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01wcpd4	who was the composer for pinhead
www.freebase.com/m/04mzzvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01ng3d9	who did the music for duel of the titans
www.freebase.com/m/01t9p71	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what type of music is i against i?
www.freebase.com/m/04vmfvw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0129wb	who was the author editor of the book edition queen victoria
www.freebase.com/m/02r2_f1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wx74	WHere was steven adams born
www.freebase.com/m/0mg55_v	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f4lt6r	Which recording is for whom the bell tolls from
www.freebase.com/m/049_0nk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is auvinen corner in?
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crsrlr	what title is in the spanish language genre
www.freebase.com/m/03y7psc	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0d6zb	Who was 5698 nolde named after?
www.freebase.com/m/03g08yk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what kind of album is wwe: the music, volume 7
www.freebase.com/m/01699	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/060f3n	which river passes through burkina faso?
www.freebase.com/m/04wb2gj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/026w5	what subject is the book rosalind franklin about
www.freebase.com/m/0gfmtt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	what color is worn at waukegan high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzhmp_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what type of record released german rock scene, volume 5
www.freebase.com/m/0fwnrdm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what region is the release the darc demos from?
www.freebase.com/m/0yq2dtb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender does chris white belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04r9kj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m87	What netflix genre is cinderella categorized in?
www.freebase.com/m/0pkpz7r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of bruno jorge?
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt633	what formulation is in tablet
www.freebase.com/m/03gynvs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	where is fitger brewing company?
www.freebase.com/m/0493110	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is davistown located?
www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_q67	What locations are in michigan
www.freebase.com/m/0271cyp	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	which religion is jedediah vincent huntington
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt93n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01t6t2	What is an active ingredient moiety of aripiprazole 5 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/05kjfc	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/04yt1_	where did the battle of morat take place
www.freebase.com/m/0g5qqfg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is nancy mckenzie male or female
www.freebase.com/m/02x53xz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0r2fs	Where is justin mauriello from
www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7t	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0r8csxy	What is a composition by david bowie?
www.freebase.com/m/037q4w	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jdk_	weightlifting at the 2000 summer olympics was included in what event?
www.freebase.com/m/05n_4j1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is clarence currie known for?
www.freebase.com/m/05z3gr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/029mz_	what provience is dez dam in
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0j6v5n0	What is the name of a Finnish actress?
www.freebase.com/m/0yyn5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released working girl
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0524kwx	Who's a defender from german
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv6cd	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of denpo cavity prevention
www.freebase.com/m/0s9dbhh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	in what country was alger la blanche filmed
www.freebase.com/m/03fn9xv	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was the album pistolbuttsatwinkle  released
www.freebase.com/m/0z7rd	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is spavinaw in
www.freebase.com/m/0cryq_4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	was the national tree a tv or theatrical movie
www.freebase.com/m/06x9px	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/05n_syc	what political party's political ideology is radicalism
www.freebase.com/m/0sgqpc7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jx3b	which city was grubson born
www.freebase.com/m/0y9t23c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What kind of album is zrak, zemlja zrak?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqq6b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country does the film the black hole take place?
www.freebase.com/m/02y_xr4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	What is benny frey's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh84dv	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/071x0k	What ethnicity is michael farenas?
www.freebase.com/m/076wbxs	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was lust for vengeance released?
www.freebase.com/m/0770y7	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0wjs1ss	which tracks did the mystery jets produce
www.freebase.com/m/01nlbq	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/02px_km	What is the namesake for cordell hull?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd_qr	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	What are south high school's colors?
www.freebase.com/m/03s5d2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what genre is all the real girls classified as 
www.freebase.com/m/03y18w0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system does the 4816 connelly orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/04n31rr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of film is batang x
www.freebase.com/m/0l626v_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what nationality does  shohei tsukahara belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01vty8g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fdccg5	What's a song recorded by the trinikas
www.freebase.com/m/07d7rl	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jntl0	Who's a musician signed to track records
www.freebase.com/m/0m93s3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03kts	What is the name of an artist from the recording drifting
www.freebase.com/m/08xksc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was samuel andrews born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03jhppb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is goodnight vienna
www.freebase.com/m/01vk97b	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	What's an instrument that susan fassbender plays
www.freebase.com/m/0hmvbcl	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02bkdn	what is the name of  jervis spencer janney, jr.'s child
www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0n8zfky	bob dylan wrote lyrics to what popular song
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02phxtr	Who is a south African football defender and midfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/0_tjbc4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre of film is rock n roll mamas?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/08735t	what compilation album did thin lizzy release?
www.freebase.com/m/0hpsx2y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was joyce mathews born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03d89n9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is frank loverde's sex
www.freebase.com/m/0bf36bl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is precious moments?
www.freebase.com/m/0x17tvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What kind of film is cry of the bewitched featured as?
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lvw0p	Who's a musician that plays soul music
www.freebase.com/m/025yf75	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d739	Where did william james beal die?
www.freebase.com/m/0bg8cg	www.freebase.com/education/school/highest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_90	what is the last grade in goldenview middle school
www.freebase.com/m/02rtxf9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is philip stanton from
www.freebase.com/m/0f_sfyr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0g09k7j	what is an episode of understanding - season 0
www.freebase.com/m/0ddn4p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What work is david toscana famous for
www.freebase.com/m/03h0p_2	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/01gty2	what war was battle of delft part of
www.freebase.com/m/02yy9r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m8f	what types of movie is dirty pretty things (film) in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/034cm	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w5ybx	which works are about a female political figure in great britain?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1v0r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the film desperate but not serious from
www.freebase.com/m/048slr6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains the place poyner?
www.freebase.com/m/0b11wv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/099md	what is crist√≥v√£o da gama a professional for
www.freebase.com/m/02tjyq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is carey mcwilliams?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrjw1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dxhtww	WHat's a track from the release 9 secondes
www.freebase.com/m/043mq9h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/02q5xsx	Who directed the tv series milagro
www.freebase.com/m/0b0s2s	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what is the color of the marian catholic high school
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nz9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/01cwjw	what is a disney movie found on children & family movies in netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/02cfhw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Sholom Schwartzbard?
www.freebase.com/m/04w28vr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05bbkk	who was the author for the written work titled  the fire
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhxqs	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/09q2t	what color is armour thyroid 60 tablet 
www.freebase.com/m/0b73tx6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film ice twisters in?
www.freebase.com/m/01p4wtx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was destination anywhere originally released
www.freebase.com/m/02pw64z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/06v99d	who created fantastic man
www.freebase.com/m/0npg0fd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	which region is the album gold released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05zzs_t	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0q77q1m	which are some of the releases in the album believe?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxlnw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	the film gossip is spoken in what language
www.freebase.com/m/0hzjrg1	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/0j8k783	which film was in the 2012 south by southwest film festival
www.freebase.com/m/04p3f7	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kqpj6	what is the temperament of the dog  standard schnauzer
www.freebase.com/m/024dnlh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032ngxl	which song is part of touch it
www.freebase.com/m/0f8pz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0yglnh	what tracks are by andrew lloyd webber?
www.freebase.com/m/07c52	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07cg00_	What is the title of a television netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02sknq	What is the name of an important Greek music composer?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0gg73q1	Name a drama tv program.
www.freebase.com/m/026f0pk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin of impact: stories of survival?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01xs8y	What artist makes rock music
www.freebase.com/m/0172rj	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03fzs34	what is a doom metal album released in 2007?
www.freebase.com/m/046zl5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	where is m√•lkj√¶r born?
www.freebase.com/m/012n6x	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/01jn6k	what is a treatment for the disease of bleeding
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0shqpyc	What was a body of work that was released as an album
www.freebase.com/m/0660dm	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0yyts	What film did alfred uhry contribute to?
www.freebase.com/m/026dn3	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v8m4g	which published book was written by george macdonald fraser
www.freebase.com/m/0fq5zfq	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/places_lived	www.freebase.com/m/0ft6d0	Where did the fictional character ezio auditore da firenze live
www.freebase.com/m/01h__ms	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02lpwl	which artist released hangin around the observatory?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzld3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/070yc	What genre of book is battlefield earth?
www.freebase.com/m/0cm89v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r00l	Which city was sean mcnamara born
www.freebase.com/m/0crwydb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what movie genre is secret weapons of kung fu?
www.freebase.com/m/06bm2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wh71p	Name a recreation book subject.
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02r5ttk	Who is an artist in the rock music genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3f9xt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nbwf	Where in california is the museum of latin american art
www.freebase.com/m/05ql8n	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the grand lake (colorado) located within
www.freebase.com/m/066b7gk	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03m4txq	who influenced garret schuelke
www.freebase.com/m/0cs5ttb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	What country was the film the horror vault: part 1 produced in
www.freebase.com/m/0c9pm53	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0bjk9	where did alfred richter officially die
www.freebase.com/m/0crrlm_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	is computer animation classics a fantasy or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/01l33l	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/02z87y9	what event took place at ningbo 
www.freebase.com/m/02pngtt	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04zlmb	Who published genesis rising: the universal crusade
www.freebase.com/m/075l3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/022bqb	What's inside silesian voivodeship?
www.freebase.com/m/02z3lcm	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0191_7	What type of store is safeway (australia)
www.freebase.com/m/0j3hy6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is christian tupou's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02t_8z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/0dkt96	what episode did josh weinstein write
www.freebase.com/m/0mvvrqc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fqbv22	annie is a track from what recording and film?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvzh46	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is d.trance 29 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02p7bd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01q474	who was born in templemore?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhqy9q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	What is betty arvaniti's place of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_g4mk	www.freebase.com/base/morelaw/canadian_judge/court	www.freebase.com/m/05fzss	which court does robert d√©cary work
www.freebase.com/m/0l14fq	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0djw5f	what's the name of the jesu ep
www.freebase.com/m/076zh2	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/07k6dg	what field does oracle financial services software offer
www.freebase.com/m/02rxvs5	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	what position does dan shannon play in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/01jgjf9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ww_vs	which artist made the album resonator (2002-2003) 
www.freebase.com/m/0g3w668	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0drfxmw	which track is found on bandit rock, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/034fmy9	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	What format was tmbg unltd august released in
www.freebase.com/m/0qpy9hb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	what latin city is arturo martinelli from
www.freebase.com/m/0f39ffg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0t574m	What is the canonical version of the recording automobile?
www.freebase.com/m/0jmtr	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	What is the architectural style of bath abbey?
www.freebase.com/m/04zh0_q	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/service_type	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what kind of transit is n9 - downtown/coquitlam station nightbus?
www.freebase.com/m/0gy9smh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country did the film relapse come out of
www.freebase.com/m/05p4wky	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01mb87	Where was fletcher mathews haight born?
www.freebase.com/m/01grzz0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is hymypoika
www.freebase.com/m/01k3zfn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01dnwmk	who made jestofunk 
www.freebase.com/m/02k1b	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0c_dx8	which island is a part of ecuador  
www.freebase.com/m/03y96fw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre of music is the album gia proti fora in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxr8bv	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where could i buy rescon 2/60 multilayer tablet legally
www.freebase.com/m/0gc383d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of calista carradine
www.freebase.com/m/0w4895m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is matt o'leary male or female
www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/027xr8y	what is a satire film?
www.freebase.com/m/06_j055	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	what type of architecture is featured on the fletcher house
www.freebase.com/m/09p3ry	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/014hdb	Who directed happy times
www.freebase.com/m/0bbfq6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/013lm7q	what tracks are by banco del mutuo soccorso?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdl9zz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which natinoality is  john lanzillotto
www.freebase.com/m/01tv3x2	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0s77m_	which track was engineered by tim armstrong
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0899jv	what is in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0hvvf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5s8l	Which netflix genre is bonnie and clyde found under
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0z9vml9	What is an album that was released as a single (music)?
www.freebase.com/m/01n2nc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ludwig scotty's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05b09b1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of album is the black angel
www.freebase.com/m/08vgyc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01s1l4n	What album was produced by kaci brown
www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/01qwqn	who is an english tv personal 
www.freebase.com/m/024sbq	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jj_s1	what are some chanson albums?
www.freebase.com/m/02wctpg	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does anthony mounier play
www.freebase.com/m/0gm13jv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	which genre is pale blood in
www.freebase.com/m/02r3nvf	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what does shane youman do in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0g41_s0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What type of film is whats in a name
www.freebase.com/m/0x2xz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does leigh bingham nash perform
www.freebase.com/m/0dtsp3d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03_lqy	which male artist produced the album chansons douces?
www.freebase.com/m/029mnjf	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/01t5kp	where would one find centermap highlighting dromahane
www.freebase.com/m/0f9jpd_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mj22_p	what is a song on nothing but good: 1952-1962
www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02zxc7	What film did john williams contribute music towards
www.freebase.com/m/04tqtl	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06q8hf	who produced sin city?
www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/047dk51	what is the name of a platform game found on the nintendo DS
www.freebase.com/m/049mbd	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w90l8	What is the name of a book that subjects around decorative arts
www.freebase.com/m/07nw_3s	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is the truth about mother goose from the united states or england
www.freebase.com/m/04v3c99	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/012pjw	who published the book edition dragons of the highlord skies
www.freebase.com/m/01wr8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/type_of_planetographic_feature/planetographic_features_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/04nxr4	What is a type of impact crater?
www.freebase.com/m/04tz90	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02733l9	What's an atari game developed by imagic
www.freebase.com/m/09gdl_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07jwr	what was the cause of death for alexandru sahia?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3dgjp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What a gameplay mode in the amazing spider-man
www.freebase.com/m/0bf5sm3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l2qwn	Who is the artist for three sides live?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcdz_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	what is the sea room about 
www.freebase.com/m/091v9p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/030cx	what series is the one with barry and mindy's wedding from
www.freebase.com/m/05mrl40	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	What style of music is encyclopedia of sound?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hssxy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0phx4	who is the composer of i'm just a killer for your love
www.freebase.com/m/015wks	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was leopold stokowski born?
www.freebase.com/m/07srw	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is utah in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gfjckv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What kind of film is imaginationland episode i
www.freebase.com/m/0p8ws7z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where did basil macdonald hastings perish
www.freebase.com/m/0h7x0b	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0bsqyj	Who is the publisher of the game shrek super party
www.freebase.com/m/0sqfdql	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	What is vietnam a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/086yqc	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	What industry does an imagineer work in?
www.freebase.com/m/05zwj8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrnqr	what is methylprednisolone marketed as
www.freebase.com/m/0cryctz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0g293	What is the genre of the movie el gusto es nuestro?
www.freebase.com/m/01y1jz	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01ty4	Who's a philosopher influenced by wilfrid sellars
www.freebase.com/m/02vnp_3	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/0dllxnf	Name the film adaptation of the novel lincoln lawyer?
www.freebase.com/m/02rq_f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where was jean rousseau laid to rest
www.freebase.com/m/0403l3g	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/01w59g	whats an example name of a  role-playing video game 
www.freebase.com/m/03j8fvp	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was paranoid prophets released at?
www.freebase.com/m/03j148v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dxnpv0	what is a song made by equinox
www.freebase.com/m/04097g1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	what type of music is on the best of cusco?
www.freebase.com/m/059vwy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is major payne in?
www.freebase.com/m/04t5088	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	What was the main content of the book the daydreamer'
www.freebase.com/m/03j0z8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/042xh	Who created garrick ollivander
www.freebase.com/m/01kl366	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v_kly	Who is the artist that released the album titled gold
www.freebase.com/m/05prj	www.freebase.com/computer/programming_language_paradigm/languages	www.freebase.com/m/04ldrth	what language is used in  object-oriented programming
www.freebase.com/m/0fg5l4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01hvzr	Which city is the sandcastle water park located in
www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hwnp4	what is a language that belongs to the austronesian languages family
www.freebase.com/m/03qp82l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02q5gkf	What's a neighborhood in the sacramento metropolitan area
www.freebase.com/m/0jyv7c	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/04dsnp	What is a film that geoffrey richman did the editing for?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsqs2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/06p6pq	what is the active ingredient moieties of the etodolac 300 capsule
www.freebase.com/m/04nl23y	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is judit rezes occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0h00ph	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/032db0	What is a language that was spoken by guillermo g√≥mez rivera
www.freebase.com/m/0282mb3	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04w06g3	What's an edition of beezus and ramona
www.freebase.com/m/0462x8h	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	is total eclipse anthology a pop rock album or hip-hop album
www.freebase.com/m/0mm7n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does bruce cockburn write
www.freebase.com/m/027rvkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What type of film is the clay animated movie grass roots?
www.freebase.com/m/05zkrfl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of billy reynolds?
www.freebase.com/m/010bnr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	which state is laredo, texas based in
www.freebase.com/m/01dc46	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b650td	Who was the film production designer of the film antz?
www.freebase.com/m/07wpbx	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02vxy_	what religious organization does megyn kelly ascribe to
www.freebase.com/m/06pjs	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/086v51	what film was spike lee the producer of
www.freebase.com/m/01l8n3f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what types of music is it would be you
www.freebase.com/m/06w8slf	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/09d_r	is cerro araral a mountain or a river
www.freebase.com/m/0lccn	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0t_7_5j	what is a composition by leonard cohen?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz051z	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06pk8	Who was an executive producer on the film super champion funzone?
www.freebase.com/m/05wj8z	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t2c4r	what works have lawrence block written?
www.freebase.com/m/0682ls	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_range/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/027flyj	What mountain is in the Macdonnell Ranges?
www.freebase.com/m/01ln2b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k3p	Where was karel appel born?
www.freebase.com/m/026p4pk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What continent is university senior college a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/03t50r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	Of which genre does moloko play?
www.freebase.com/m/06zp534	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01v8c	Where did heinz budde die?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv2k_w	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	Where was divine intervention released?
www.freebase.com/m/0msrf_p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fxvl5n	what is a track from daybreak
www.freebase.com/m/03f07g5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where is star fucking hipsterz from?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdf0x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01xfp	What is the subject of preparing web graphics 
www.freebase.com/m/074rg9	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06chvn	who produced the movie the specialist
www.freebase.com/m/07mmg5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	where in los angeles did  henry bergman die
www.freebase.com/m/06w4xpd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/048kw	What is the location of jean de selys longchamps's death?
www.freebase.com/m/064l1qm	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/0ksjlf	who designed chapel of the good shepherd, carlett park
www.freebase.com/m/0_96xn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n7b8cr	what song is from the recording blues
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02vwcqb	what movie is a type of documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/0qdwwf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032fyj8	which albums contain the track song: starcandy?
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsjh5	Which drug is a drug formulation?
www.freebase.com/m/09vg45	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where did percy sutton become deceased
www.freebase.com/m/0fztc6	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04lh12h	Name a film in the genre tamil cinema
www.freebase.com/m/03gh4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/065zl57	Name a film actor born in hawaii.
www.freebase.com/m/0k_34vj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0326h_r	what is a compilation album made by black or white
www.freebase.com/m/04078qs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	Where was sidney george fisher buried
www.freebase.com/m/01rkr1	www.freebase.com/base/saints/saint/venerated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion was edmund campion a Jesuit priest of
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b9pm_	What is the name of a location in Torrance County, New Mexico, united states?
www.freebase.com/m/02rlnhp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/08n1m7	what label is themisunderstood1966 under
www.freebase.com/m/0gfvb0d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken on the british family?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3x7b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the cuba project about?
www.freebase.com/m/047g4lw	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/099d4	who is the story of circle of iron by
www.freebase.com/m/0639f2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a gameplay mode from the game gears of war
www.freebase.com/m/0gb_0sm	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/015cjr	What is the occupation of brady romberg?
www.freebase.com/m/01vnd6h	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0vps83m	what movie did amit kumar write?
www.freebase.com/m/0718pz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	what species is lisa trevor
www.freebase.com/m/05my16v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/040hk8	Which artist made scream with a view
www.freebase.com/m/040hlmk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02wbnv	Who developed everquest ii: rise of kunark
www.freebase.com/m/0yv_q7p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where did j√≥zsef petrik die
www.freebase.com/m/05mw3fx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what topic is jeremy fink and the meaning of life written on
www.freebase.com/m/027vfpb	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country is alvorada the second level division for
www.freebase.com/m/02f69y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06_kh	Where was dominique dunne born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz08fc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre is the artist sugar and the hi-lows?
www.freebase.com/m/0491s7k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nssl	Where is nisbet located?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_zsjh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031_wph	what album is evolution a part of
www.freebase.com/m/03tmr	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/officials	www.freebase.com/m/03h1n2c	What man is a retired ice hockey linesman?
www.freebase.com/m/056h9m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What type of music is the walkmen
www.freebase.com/m/02rt4_b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jlwv	Where was  lewis nott born
www.freebase.com/m/0389pv	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	what time zone is copper harbor, michigan in
www.freebase.com/m/015m2kp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l0v9ny	what song came from the recording canton
www.freebase.com/m/0n6bkl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fc6jqq	what is a recording from goin' down slow
www.freebase.com/m/01gzg6l	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of musical album is danny howells presents: jackpot records?
www.freebase.com/m/04czl3	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/01h5hb	What is the automotive class of the daihatsu copen?
www.freebase.com/m/03jgn76	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j_66z	who recorded best of the bayou blues
www.freebase.com/m/03sp5y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0nk72	who wrote the origins of totalitarianism
www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0464kyf	what house features colonial revival architecture 
www.freebase.com/m/0nlh8fm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	who produced girl gone wild
www.freebase.com/m/050wmf	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	What is the religion of st. george's, bloomsbury?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cvdhrg	what person was born in toronto?
www.freebase.com/m/0jsscx	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0b6rpt	which film did peter abrams produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0kt3w07	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031ly56	What was the release of the release track daniel?
www.freebase.com/m/082j47	www.freebase.com/base/adultentertainment/adult_entertainer/sexual_orientation	www.freebase.com/m/03nh9	what is mandy bright's sexual orientation 
www.freebase.com/m/0nsnkng	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which physical format was believe released in
www.freebase.com/m/04jbzw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02qkps7	who is an artist who sings trot
www.freebase.com/m/04885cq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is potter place in
www.freebase.com/m/02psdlk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of  a son of the people?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zk0w75	What's an example of a song
www.freebase.com/m/05b_4qy	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	where were the frisian‚Äìfrankish wars fought at
www.freebase.com/m/02ph9yr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is anthony herrera's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0h8p_8x	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	what is jeff beaucars profession
www.freebase.com/m/0cpk2j	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/locale	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzwf	which city has northern pacific bridge number 9
www.freebase.com/m/0661rdr	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gd9k	who directed cop out
www.freebase.com/m/03k50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crvg_m	What is an example of a movie title from the netflix genre hindi
www.freebase.com/m/01r_v0c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01pj7	where is drazen zecic from
www.freebase.com/m/04w9n29	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is irish red?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdcmt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is the country of origin for the tv program the adventures of sinbad?
www.freebase.com/m/04crft7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was priscilla and the umbrella filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0gltd3	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/018r_v	what family does devawongse varopakarn belong too?
www.freebase.com/m/09lk1g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dzjp6	What album was produced by the artist ini (hip hop group)
www.freebase.com/m/0q202sr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is oceanfront 
www.freebase.com/m/09xt4q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025s89p	what kind of tv show was the baskervilles
www.freebase.com/m/02pgnzb	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/anime_manga_character/anime_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/02rdrtn	which anime did yuki nagato appeared in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0wp65qs	who is a screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/0n0mp30	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0gbb7wp	what is the release that the track energy is from
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y7hds	What is the name of an asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/01znbj	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fr6tm4	which artist is under the label nettwerk?
www.freebase.com/m/032nbtl	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What country was with teeth released in
www.freebase.com/m/015px_z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01s72x2	Who is the artist from the recording titled cloud 9
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22df	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/079tvk	what movie is considered to be a  foreign action & adventure
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0n9l3kl	which file is in the genre short film
www.freebase.com/m/0cq23qb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/016kc2	what is a sci-fi drama on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01jllg1	www.freebase.com/theater/theatrical_composer/plays_composed	www.freebase.com/m/027pvr4	which play did harry warren compose 
www.freebase.com/m/0zxs1qf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/04rv95	WHat sings in the exhibition
www.freebase.com/m/07qzv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/047r6md	which actor was born in tel aviv
www.freebase.com/m/0wmj152	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0p7sj	whats the name of the artist who sang honey don't (take 4)
www.freebase.com/m/0ff0ht	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	Which genre can one find swamp thing under on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/03f5dxn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03nq916	What is an album by various production?
www.freebase.com/m/02t7zt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jr6gr	which album did kay starr produce
www.freebase.com/m/0qh4gn2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0qhx_26	which track is part of jungle fever
www.freebase.com/m/0_skvdr	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what is the art form of the artist cornelius meffert
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02rzd30	Who is a mexican goalkeeper?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_qnzx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0j_d2ns	What's an episode off deadly 60 - season 2
www.freebase.com/m/041r4q	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0k9p4	what's one of the locations where better luck tomorrow was filmed
www.freebase.com/m/05nqz8	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wdjxc	what are the titles of hunter davies's books
www.freebase.com/m/01p79b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is bowling green state university in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c5_v85	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city was ralph waldo emerson published in
www.freebase.com/m/01nbxb2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nbxjb	jackie is an album recorded by what artist?
www.freebase.com/m/07_c8x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is charles koppelmans nationality
www.freebase.com/m/09fmkx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/062qg	where is mamarapha college located
www.freebase.com/m/02x53hx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z52t	Where was charlie mccully born?
www.freebase.com/m/0wd1p0_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017f4y	Which artist recorded colorado
www.freebase.com/m/0jxt5bz	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country can you get pepto-bismol 262 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02vq0w4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is josh klein-davies's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqstzx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the status of the drug sodium chloride 0.007 spray
www.freebase.com/m/0f3_wx	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/04093	who is the author of the mysterious island
www.freebase.com/m/04t07gf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	what is the subject of the book wobegon boy
www.freebase.com/m/07hl9	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/048cl	who was inspired by the philosopher and politician thomas more
www.freebase.com/m/0rfg0t2	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01c59k	who directed a mutt in a rut?
www.freebase.com/m/036y8l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mx2h	What county does tillamook bay belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03_ylgt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m61nc2	what track is part of the singles: the first ten years
www.freebase.com/m/02qfldf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	what is the origin of the artist pinboys
www.freebase.com/m/0c40c2k	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what belief does paul lepage practice
www.freebase.com/m/02hlz_l	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0g69xs	who published spy fox in \\"dry cereal\\"
www.freebase.com/m/01pd5sb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pd5sx	who created the album phoenix
www.freebase.com/m/0fpkgk8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is elia schneider gender
www.freebase.com/m/0nbmr2c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06t8v	where is barbara levstik from 
www.freebase.com/m/0mz22g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0g2f_0	Who is the producer of the recording march of the celts
www.freebase.com/m/026gps8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lq0yc	Who is the artist of the album fight to survive?
www.freebase.com/m/0lw_s	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/0bp384	what's there to see in hamilton
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/04by8k	what is a known museum in los angeles
www.freebase.com/m/02w3w	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0b61c0	who is a fiddle instrumentalist
www.freebase.com/m/03mt60	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what genre is the tv show the plucky duck show
www.freebase.com/m/01bt14	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0c7f7	where did boethius die
www.freebase.com/m/0fvd43z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is fever
www.freebase.com/m/038r55j	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country released africa
www.freebase.com/m/0np5bd0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is high voltage rocknroll
www.freebase.com/m/09pwh	www.freebase.com/food/dish/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/09y2k2	What kind of cuisine is panettone?
www.freebase.com/m/01jpmpv	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/026sq25	What is the name of a film that dimitri tiomkin was the music contributor for
www.freebase.com/m/01tlwp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0542n	What was the cause of death of jeremiah burrell
www.freebase.com/m/0dpmd0t	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m94gh6	What is a track off the album motive?
www.freebase.com/m/04_20d	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is in mockfj√§rd
www.freebase.com/m/0113kg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mkw_	what county is black river falls in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmh97	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/07605	what platform must you have to play tony hawks pro skater
www.freebase.com/m/0b4cwmx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in the film  the proposition
www.freebase.com/m/047r0vv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/036dyh	which artist released the sweetest illusion?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxjy5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0424mc	what's the best way to describe by brakhage: an anthology: vol. 2
www.freebase.com/m/07jcb8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what kind of movie is faeries
www.freebase.com/m/02vxbgb	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	What type of school is universidad nacional de misiones
www.freebase.com/m/05y1x0	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0973s	who was the writer of the film the punch and judy man
www.freebase.com/m/039xy1	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04fd1_1	Who is an artist on the record label roc-a-fella records?
www.freebase.com/m/09vnwy0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What genre of film is counsel for crime?
www.freebase.com/m/0286j46	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of craig m. johnson
www.freebase.com/m/0lp56r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02cpp	What artist made personal jesus (pump mix)
www.freebase.com/m/0ghw0kl	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/01km3m	who wrote i am simon 
www.freebase.com/m/0_pd3	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zones is chamberlain located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02pgv2p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	dave moore is a citizen of what european country?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz5r13	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What genre is angel blade punish
www.freebase.com/m/02pjf34	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/02pjf34	which campus is spokane falls community college in
www.freebase.com/m/01fzfyj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the type of release of drum & bass arena: andy c?
www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r5swg	who is a melodic death metal artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0gl6xgv	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what format was tatsumi released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02dhcs	who died from pneumonia
www.freebase.com/m/0skps1l	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of the place beyond the pines
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03pw28	what is a 1936 American musical romantic film
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04b7xr	Name an artist who plays rock music.
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fjwj3	whats a 1968 mystery film
www.freebase.com/m/02fq2p	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	what rank is the quercus michauxii
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crsdt3	Name a title from the india netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/03_gbj	www.freebase.com/base/crime/crime/crime_type	www.freebase.com/m/019726	what type of crime was the daegu metro fire
www.freebase.com/m/07f_d	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/05h3c11	who has tom clancy influenced?
www.freebase.com/m/051w32g	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	What soccer position does tsukasa hosaka play?
www.freebase.com/m/029577	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0y09	What treatment is commonly used for herpes zoster
www.freebase.com/m/0nldxqb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pjq5g	Who is an artist that recorded battle of waterloo
www.freebase.com/m/02qpx46	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	which country did the battle of maravar pass take place
www.freebase.com/m/0_hrqfs	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01d47y	Who composed time and time again
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01m13pb	whats an album recorded by Francesco Guccini 
www.freebase.com/m/0g7_khm	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qs5_	who composed debussy, ravel, schumann: piano works
www.freebase.com/m/0dp6nv9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m91ptd	What is a song from ruff ryders presents drag-on?
www.freebase.com/m/05f55g1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	what type of music does the album oxygen belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0hndw08	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/06yxd	Where is the snow campaign located?
www.freebase.com/m/01g5zkf	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	which composition style is acappellooza 2001?
www.freebase.com/m/030xd1n	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014bylq	what is a track from the album searching for a former clarity
www.freebase.com/m/0_j7n9_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is some people have it worse than me written
www.freebase.com/m/03mh0pm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016_rm	what is the genre of mr. vice president 
www.freebase.com/m/05nrg	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w3s48	what is a book about oceania
www.freebase.com/m/0fg5dtd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mkx2h3	what is the track list of tenderness
www.freebase.com/m/02g6wq3	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	 What type of license does ontario have
www.freebase.com/m/058g_f	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is jake epstein's religion
www.freebase.com/m/0j26hp8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is george springer known for being
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0c2pz3	what is a type of netflix fantasy film?
www.freebase.com/m/06zpmv6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what netflix genre is the film tiger fangs
www.freebase.com/m/013y1f	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/024_gy	who plays the organ
www.freebase.com/m/0491b24	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nsw8	where can bass station be located?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzpf9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what sort of music does jan randall play?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6cj2q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vwm1n	who is the composer of  eugene
www.freebase.com/m/071vr	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/04l954	what is the river that divides san diego in two neighborhoods
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026r7dq	What's an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/02r19bq	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What kind of school is holy family cristo rey high school?
www.freebase.com/m/02v_f6m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is dale memmelaar's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0q2lrmr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the captain filmed
www.freebase.com/m/02dfkp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wlc5	Where was masato harada birthed
www.freebase.com/m/0jwtknh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	is the green monocle from germany or england
www.freebase.com/m/0fzts0d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02bh3_	Who is the artist of the album the chronological classics: erroll garner 1944?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h5v7jv	what is the name of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0xqvw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0777pk	who was born in kinnelon?
www.freebase.com/m/04y9d2m	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	Who is ettore tosi?
www.freebase.com/m/09w353	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/02dp71	who was in charge of story on jumanji
www.freebase.com/m/0w_wh7w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is michel duplaix male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/03m_k0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/04nvqps	What episode did alan ball write?
www.freebase.com/m/04mz9b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where did transvision vamp originate from
www.freebase.com/m/04w9txt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what academic subject is moramona about?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc5z6r	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is the profession of chris morgan
www.freebase.com/m/01wwhj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lkf4h	name an album done by dashboard confessional 
www.freebase.com/m/02749t3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/010bnr	Where was albert huffstickler born
www.freebase.com/m/0472gs7	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	What religion is associated with wat prathoomkongkha
www.freebase.com/m/02qvshn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	Which type of music is savannah churchill known for
www.freebase.com/m/04c1ntv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is hawkinstown found 
www.freebase.com/m/026l1j_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	What is the genre of the album that's what people do?
www.freebase.com/m/0fbhc	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0cnmb	whats a symptom of angelman syndrome
www.freebase.com/m/07gv6d	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04pqqb	who is the producer of the movie tigerland
www.freebase.com/m/02xtxw	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0czw5k	who directed mean girls
www.freebase.com/m/07ptt_	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution_campus/educational_institution	www.freebase.com/m/07ptt_	what's the name of the school that holds classes on the solano community college campus
www.freebase.com/m/03zhnql	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01621rn	which track is in the release of killabites 2
www.freebase.com/m/0fg4t15	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/016fhp	who is the producer of workin' overtime (club mix)
www.freebase.com/m/01t7f17	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	which label is the band azteca signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0qjx2k3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is superstar: little richard
www.freebase.com/m/0bkr3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027h0nv	who was born in ayodhya
www.freebase.com/m/066c24	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jxh9	which county locates joker marchant stadium
www.freebase.com/m/0gc92v6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of carlene watkins?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h3t9c4	which movie is drama
www.freebase.com/m/0cgjmyq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country produces headin for gods country
www.freebase.com/m/0y8zwly	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06k5j3	Who recorded the album reket roll iz ≈°ume striborove?
www.freebase.com/m/06hgj	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0g5qysj	what country is maiwa language spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/02z07s0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is rang filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/02pwhtk	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04hcw	who was the main source of influence for joseph margolis
www.freebase.com/m/04wc1kg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	the chicago guide to communicating science  is a book that focuses on what subject
www.freebase.com/m/03fpj76	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m4_syg	What song was included in we make our own luck
www.freebase.com/m/026s2_6	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/color	www.freebase.com/m/09ys23	What color is the hair of the racehorse chris evert?
www.freebase.com/m/0dn7jy	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does footballer chris brandon play?
www.freebase.com/m/04957wb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p4ky	where is gassoway located 
www.freebase.com/m/0sgy9mp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0skth46	Name a track on die hit-giganten: best of party hits
www.freebase.com/m/01pf6	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0308wb	what is a treatment for the disease cardiac arrhythmia
www.freebase.com/m/01s5p3r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of music does total pwnage perform
www.freebase.com/m/01sxly	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what types of movie is a fish called wanda
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv6k7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03079z	what ingredient is in permethrin 5 cream
www.freebase.com/m/01rjs9	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/09k660y	what event happened in old goa
www.freebase.com/m/04174b	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0q5dv	What position in american football does bubba smith play?
www.freebase.com/m/080g44p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what music is played in the one for all album
www.freebase.com/m/010cyg9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/036wh	who recorded habanera
www.freebase.com/m/0p13shr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does tom parker identify with
www.freebase.com/m/07mrvx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	What genre is twice-told tales
www.freebase.com/m/0b_nkg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	What is john stuart williams's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0w__zgs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	Where was sadi cabral deceased?
www.freebase.com/m/0230zs	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what is the profession of moussa faki?
www.freebase.com/m/01lzzwz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is kaho naa... pyaar hai
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0ph2w	What instrumentalist is known for using a drum kit?
www.freebase.com/m/051s3w5	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	which area is 28 palms a neighborhood of
www.freebase.com/m/0g0kxj	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	What is john boyne's profession.
www.freebase.com/m/07y8h6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	What illness killed mary philbin
www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/025tmb6	what is the name of a power metal album
www.freebase.com/m/0mp57	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is clarke county located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqlnw	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	what color is nortrel (21 day regimen) 0.5/0.035 tablet made in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bqwy2	whats the name of a football goalkeeper
www.freebase.com/m/043zbq8	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is the redshift rendezvous
www.freebase.com/m/04fk3jf	www.freebase.com/sports/tournament_event/tournaments_contested_in	www.freebase.com/m/0d5x58	what event does womens tennis, singles participate in 
www.freebase.com/m/0dr8ztl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what is the album type of live in oslo?
www.freebase.com/m/039v1v4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01czh4q	what tracked comes from the release at their best
www.freebase.com/m/037xmkw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014t52k	what is a song on porky's revenge 
www.freebase.com/m/04t4lb8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0210g6	who wrote frances audio collection cd?
www.freebase.com/m/0643s4y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	where is in the high school originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/08s72z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What kind a music form is ill remember
www.freebase.com/m/03qfqgv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	where was ashley monique clark born
www.freebase.com/m/03fpyf7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dp9qbl	what track came from the release ellis island sound
www.freebase.com/m/09ktpz	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0pwnh	who was the artist of the descent from the cross
www.freebase.com/m/065_0wt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	is baby dont go ‚Äì sonny & cher and friends a live or studio album
www.freebase.com/m/03mhf71	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language is the composition "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby" in?
www.freebase.com/m/0r5wx_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wlt3k	who is the recording artist of the song mississippi?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffw1zh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mkrsv8	what is a track from canada blue note festival '96
www.freebase.com/m/05qmj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03nmzqx	where did plato meet his maker
www.freebase.com/m/017nt	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0_kvlrg	Which Indian Online Marketing Professional was influenced by Bill Gates
www.freebase.com/m/05qfj_m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/031v4h	Who is the author of Rocket Racers?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/02wx4qx	who is well known for boxing
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0fbzp	What is a second level division of united states
www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01wp8w7	Name someone who played the saxophone
www.freebase.com/m/02pyfwf	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is this is where you belong
www.freebase.com/m/0bdt3c8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language is used in kyoto story
www.freebase.com/m/0gtl7_n	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	where was trotsky filmed
www.freebase.com/m/01h2_6	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/043krc	who was influenced by walter benjamin
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0cz9x4	what are games with multiplayer mode?
www.freebase.com/m/0gy13v2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	in what language is the voice of poland program spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0fvc4gz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	what european country was latin released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv1g_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/08dtmr	what is the active ingredient in cefepime 20 injection 
www.freebase.com/m/03fzjrv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	which genre is book of lightning
www.freebase.com/m/0cgfhx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What european country is herostratus from
www.freebase.com/m/07cqxs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is village of the giants?
www.freebase.com/m/0fm7jpx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f4578g	what is a track featured on the superior album
www.freebase.com/m/04kj2v	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/039pz_	which film was ken adam the production designer for
www.freebase.com/m/05mph	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w_306m	what mountain is located in oklahoma
www.freebase.com/m/0fv2qdj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is the chronological classics: fats waller 1937-1938 a compilation album or soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/01ry0f	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j2kslx	who is kurtwood smith's daughter
www.freebase.com/m/0pp1hy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lt6v9l	which track is part of matilda
www.freebase.com/m/0t8h1	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/0t8h1	what is a place in axtell, kansas
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0_7n54b	Name a film director
www.freebase.com/m/02r30pm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	Where is jerusalem college of engineering?
www.freebase.com/m/0ybly10	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Rafael Villalona?
www.freebase.com/m/063zzgy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is shinbone alley from the united states or france
www.freebase.com/m/0jxsdx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ylj	which south american nation is miguel angel landa place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/08p4nl	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0j63kwd	what is the name of a work by leonid gaidai
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpkln	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0fvgwg	Who manufactures the drug pramipexole dihydrochloride 1 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h80stw	What is a crime fiction film?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqmxqm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is  news from home
www.freebase.com/m/012qfjm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lh2krb	which track is part of sirius
www.freebase.com/m/03dz06	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what color presents to royal grammar school, high wycombe
www.freebase.com/m/03d09w6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What language is bull fighting filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/05ymxwb	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/0ds475d	who was yuri i. manin an advisor to
www.freebase.com/m/03f_934	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02pbrn	Who recorded the album prelude and sonata
www.freebase.com/m/074p5d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	what is the label that am√©d√© ardoin is under 
www.freebase.com/m/0zdhp3b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	Where was matilde s√°nchez born
www.freebase.com/m/03y1hp6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	to which asteroid group does 4306 dunaevskij belong
www.freebase.com/m/04hvkts	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/05j0w	what platform is karate champ
www.freebase.com/m/0bqw2b	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	what instrument does matt mays know how to play 
www.freebase.com/m/037r7v	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0265vqb	What is a book written by colson whitehead?
www.freebase.com/m/04bpvy	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position did Senegalese football player ali dia play?
www.freebase.com/m/02d532	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/019dhf	what industry does verizon wireless operate under?
www.freebase.com/m/03f_w14	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/036jv	To what musical genre does the album Life After Cash Money belong?
www.freebase.com/m/010tfn_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is i will always love you notable for?
www.freebase.com/m/06v36	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/04m_n70	which places partially contains swaziland?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3zf_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0q_wd	what was dean cundey's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/07hqxy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what types of movie is starkweather
www.freebase.com/m/0y84z7k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	what is van lange known as
www.freebase.com/m/0b2qlg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	where is the River Dovey?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8sw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_flavor/drugs_with_this_flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0hqpk53	What is a drug that comes in cherry flavor
www.freebase.com/m/02lrlr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03x9nn	where was siraj ud-daulah born?
www.freebase.com/m/017hjz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	what was takahashi korekiyo's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/04m5qs	www.freebase.com/base/usnationalparks/us_national_park/classification	www.freebase.com/m/01d_xw	what is the fort union national monument classified as 
www.freebase.com/m/0dnpg1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is fermi√®re √† montfaucon from?
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0kt9tw	Who is a famous jewish people
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03p2s3	which artist creates electronica music
www.freebase.com/m/01h8r_t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did the complete masterworks recordings, volume 7 have?
www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0fgfpm	what private schools are in florida?
www.freebase.com/m/03nwxfw	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does david archuleta play
www.freebase.com/m/01gbbz	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02_29ld	which book was published by ellen degeneres
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cjmfgk	whats the name of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03j6sw	Name a band that produces acoustic music
www.freebase.com/m/0dxpcdv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/019389	who is the producer of daydream?
www.freebase.com/m/03cyzcw	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position does laura brosius play?
www.freebase.com/m/01zfpg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	In which European country is saint-andr√©-de-cubzac found?
www.freebase.com/m/01n0ft5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the best of billy j. kramer
www.freebase.com/m/036nhqk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	which country released valsa dos detectives
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsph2	What is a formulation available in tablet form
www.freebase.com/m/0j9qj0y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	where in russia did aleksandr porokhovshchikov pass away
www.freebase.com/m/01q810	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_64t_w	what has marc almond composed
www.freebase.com/m/0gf2b11	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02sjp	Who is the artist from the album il maestro e margherita / per le antiche scale
www.freebase.com/m/0fth1ys	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqdt0z	What is a song from the album out of office
www.freebase.com/m/0_rbmhs	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what art form does chuck fishman create
www.freebase.com/m/03grpmc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what types of music is fire and gasoline
www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/02rwj2m	Who is famous for playing the violin
www.freebase.com/m/0gb8vtf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released the nite owl
www.freebase.com/m/0bjjw2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	what is the nationality of william rolleston
www.freebase.com/m/02pydxs	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0q4mn	what kind of art is justin michael jenkins associated with
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0dlt47s	Who plays defender?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhbf_v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0y94j8p	which songs were produced by cassie taylor?
www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wgb7r	Which book is written about politics?
www.freebase.com/m/02pjv41	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0665bv	Who wrote danton (1983 film)?
www.freebase.com/m/03hpf7n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	What type of music is victor bouchard known for
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j58x_	what is a greatest hits album by hard rock vocalist David Lee Roth
www.freebase.com/m/01v8c	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07nvd4j	What is the name of a church located in cologne?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs43p3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ed wang's biological gender
www.freebase.com/m/013bqb4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n87mzt	What's the title track from victoria
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02sptl	this soundtrack by Tom Waits, released in 1993 on Island Records, is called?
www.freebase.com/m/09kr4h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01515d	what power does fever pitch have?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_5d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	what is the form of dosage of jakafi?
www.freebase.com/m/0c7ckw	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_designer/games_designed	www.freebase.com/m/03mdg9	what game is designed by hiroyuki ito
www.freebase.com/m/09fq98	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gtsxr4	what film did tristan oliver direct cinematography for?
www.freebase.com/m/0j4nqv4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0vz4d3l	what track list is on nothing but the beat
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010jk5	Which is the name of a castle located in germany?
www.freebase.com/m/01vxxqm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_6vjw	What is a song by odb?
www.freebase.com/m/02766n1	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wbmwy	what are books debbie macomber has written
www.freebase.com/m/04whhcs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01ys2s	What is the subject of the national portrait gallery?
www.freebase.com/m/025qn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	in what time zone is costa smeralda
www.freebase.com/m/0bs2lq4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	Which genre of music is the album zig-zag walk?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0b306t	what is an album that features rock music
www.freebase.com/m/01hzf3r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is best of artist of the century
www.freebase.com/m/0wxysbm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what type of film is new delhi?
www.freebase.com/m/0178rl	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_jtw9g	Which lyrics did tim rice write?
www.freebase.com/m/04nz3d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/019_g1	where was john miles born?
www.freebase.com/m/0nqwl_9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0nqwjyk	what is the track list of stoned & dethroned?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw_j8_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0999q	what language is doctor love spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/0287m35	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02k54	what is the nationality of iset
www.freebase.com/m/01kw5hb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is thunder & roses an album or a cassette
www.freebase.com/m/0mswz	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone is sumner county located in
www.freebase.com/m/09jw2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rf03j	which album is glam rock
www.freebase.com/m/0cth0f	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is locoroco
www.freebase.com/m/0w9560	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05bgn4	who recorded first lady
www.freebase.com/m/0c727n	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is orka (comics) male or female
www.freebase.com/m/07k65ts	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Flavio Baracchini's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/07hy1b	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/05zp8	what kind of building is richmond palace
www.freebase.com/m/04tt8m8	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03kkrb	Name the author of learning the ropes
www.freebase.com/m/06q4_	www.freebase.com/food/cheese/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is swiss cheese from
www.freebase.com/m/03y0rkv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of object is 3809 amici
www.freebase.com/m/0dqh858	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/08j3bj	who recorded werewolves of atlanta 
www.freebase.com/m/04ht8t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	of what nationality is scott bower
www.freebase.com/m/02qjrcp	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bj9k	who wrote the story for the film bobby deerfield
www.freebase.com/m/0rp_js7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was robert bruce born?
www.freebase.com/m/0gj_q5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	where is canneto sulloglio located
www.freebase.com/m/04ljw8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03s0w	Where was glen brand born?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_frm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is stephaniesmithmusic's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0j90d4t	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/02ydjr	What show was tall crappaccino used in?
www.freebase.com/m/01ps2h8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/05205rk	What's an album featuring viggo mortensen
www.freebase.com/m/0h72dv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mqp0	what county includes spanish fort
www.freebase.com/m/0dww99n	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how is teeth lost, hearts won. sold in stores
www.freebase.com/m/051jznt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what book genre is plague of the dead?
www.freebase.com/m/01b566	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	where is chipotle mexican grill originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_9d9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of chris cillizza
www.freebase.com/m/01qrf09	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0q74pd2	name an album by katherine jenkins
www.freebase.com/m/038fddb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0136_0r	what are some of the tracks found in the release absolute dance 4?
www.freebase.com/m/01xkrp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kpys	In what county is reseda located?
www.freebase.com/m/0bw20	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where is k-19: the widowmaker from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bqzm_	www.freebase.com/base/roses/type_of_rose/roses_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0j2r761	what is a type of hybrid tea
www.freebase.com/m/0p0jt	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_stop/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/0l3v_	what are the transit lines of liverpool street station
www.freebase.com/m/0dykwv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vgjh	who wrote love comes quickly
www.freebase.com/m/0z47pz7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013d7t	where was cole vosbury born at?
www.freebase.com/m/02s0_4	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0dg6yx	what travel destination is prambanan close to
www.freebase.com/m/0fbwphy	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what media format was not dead yet released on
www.freebase.com/m/04_pfy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	What musical style is the album vulture culture?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1zmz	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/046dj_	what is the coloring of a central asian shepherd dog
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/035yk3	what is the name of a professional politician
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt2_r	what formulation is available in a tablet
www.freebase.com/m/04xdy80	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	whats the subject of musicians of the sun
www.freebase.com/m/02pg_9j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/096jwc	What genre of music is the album new moon?
www.freebase.com/m/04gr4cg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/045fm9	which city did wolfgang zeidler pass away in 
www.freebase.com/m/09pkqs	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What's the netflix genre of the lucky texan
www.freebase.com/m/0rw96h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lmj3q	what artist made the recording  spoken introduction
www.freebase.com/m/0kv6j1	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04n3c_p	Who produced mankillers?
www.freebase.com/m/0637py	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/079jd	How did nitta yoshisada die?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03lwj4	Who was an actor killed by a myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/05k2l2	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k34lq	who was the film art director for anand (1971 film)
www.freebase.com/m/02wx7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	Where is the blond arrow originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0qv7bw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02t388	what Finnish rock band is the creator of blue
www.freebase.com/m/01ryz0p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/013phjv	what is a track by canterbury effect
www.freebase.com/m/04cxth0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljym	what is  tenayuca
www.freebase.com/m/02z2qm1	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/046k63	who made the ride space mountain?
www.freebase.com/m/01ffmh8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is sael & friends : concert priv√©
www.freebase.com/m/0b77vj5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0999q	what language is ammakilikkoodu in
www.freebase.com/m/02305h	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0rytv1n	who was the founder of the barmy army
www.freebase.com/m/0ckptx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was turtles go hollywood written in
www.freebase.com/m/017f4y	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dqkv7k	What is a track that was produced by stephen stills?
www.freebase.com/m/01pwsf	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t3m7b	What is the name of a book written by phyllis gotlieb?
www.freebase.com/m/04bt7g7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07h34	where is santa fe located?
www.freebase.com/m/030zpk	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/grand_foal_if_horse_is_damsire	www.freebase.com/m/07s6kp1	What breed of horse is native dancer
www.freebase.com/m/03_wk	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	What type of mountain is jan mayen?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlccd	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01t7nn	who developed the game bill & ted's excellent game boy adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/04jp40	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	what war did  humphrey osbaldston brooke firman participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0cg66s2	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/060xy	what book does lady catherine de bourgh appear in 
www.freebase.com/m/02720v5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is muhammad baqir majlisi
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0jxpj0j	topical is a drug administration route that can be used to control what disease?
www.freebase.com/m/04h_gd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g133	where was james craig born
www.freebase.com/m/0550kp7	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t265	who produced the fourth alarm
www.freebase.com/m/02hlkdk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/075y1	What game platform was chakan: the forever man released?
www.freebase.com/m/0t9b7	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is quenemo within
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02z3qtm	What is an album from the punk rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/04t3kz4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qjc	whats the subject of the written work titled  tallulah bankhead
www.freebase.com/m/0gwr00	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music does candiepayne make?
www.freebase.com/m/0vv9v9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n6tdqt	What track is the recording habanera based off of?
www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0h15xg	What is a place in virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/01khhpz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What type of music is loveppears?
www.freebase.com/m/0v0r94n	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w61th	who is the musician that created jaleo
www.freebase.com/m/097cmg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is bruce kimmel from
www.freebase.com/m/0ft49qb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mq5hgf	what song is i'm every woman a recorded version of?
www.freebase.com/m/0347tnn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nyh12	which track released strip
www.freebase.com/m/02v_d03	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0dw27x5	What's a recording of 9mm (song)
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kzkhn	What is the title of a rock music album?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3d3g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050tt8	what state is almora from
www.freebase.com/m/02v_8jc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which football position is david hodgson charged of
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crrnyr	what is a film in the music genre
www.freebase.com/m/01_30_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/05nspzs	What is the name of a game version published by strategic simulations, inc.
www.freebase.com/m/0hgnl8k	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which star system is (31131) 1997 sv10 located in  
www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0wzpnt9	What is a mountain in russia?
www.freebase.com/m/01w8kkv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d6yv	Where is rekid from?
www.freebase.com/m/0mvdntb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Which country was volkmar welzel from
www.freebase.com/m/01fkly4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was alexis korner memorial concert, volume 3
www.freebase.com/m/06wvj	www.freebase.com/base/ballet/ballet_composer/ballets_composed	www.freebase.com/m/047pnj8	what ballet was composed by sergei prokofiev?
www.freebase.com/m/02ytz9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What was julia neuberger, baroness neuberger's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/029g05x	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	What kind of license does tugra mahmuds ii have
www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w358y	what work is a classics?
www.freebase.com/m/02wvl40	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/format	www.freebase.com/m/04f20t	What is the format of canon eos 40d?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsslx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0ksgj	what is the active ingredient in computer eye relief
www.freebase.com/m/0263p3k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is the classification of  opua
www.freebase.com/m/0264prd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01f07j	Who was the author of snow white and the seven samurai
www.freebase.com/m/04zwktq	www.freebase.com/geography/mountaineer/first_ascents	www.freebase.com/m/04mrxl	which mountain does riccardo cassin receive credit for being the first to climb 
www.freebase.com/m/07kk05w	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07cf00c	in what series is the episode peter frampton a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0bh86zt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	Where did gustav friedrich hetsch die
www.freebase.com/m/07h0mz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	what genre is rorschach
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03cfr40	Name an Argentinian soccer defender
www.freebase.com/m/019389	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_kjswy	what lyrics is written by billy corgan?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026t9pl	who is a midfielder for Gentofte-Vangede IF?
www.freebase.com/m/09v3tnq	www.freebase.com/film/film_featured_song/performed_by	www.freebase.com/m/025_1vt	who sang i see you (theme from avatar)?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w6g3j	what is a name of a fantasy book?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbr0yd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0c93y	who composed the song das r√∂schen
www.freebase.com/m/01krt2n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What type of music is featured on roll with it
www.freebase.com/m/0281j31	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music is on  singing priests of tagbilaran
www.freebase.com/m/05fl_9	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/07hwkr	What is the ethnicity of fred chappell?
www.freebase.com/m/01hpwp3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is love songs: bedroom ballads?
www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02b3vc	what person died from a stroke?
www.freebase.com/m/01k4f	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/07ntwy0	Which event took place at basel?
www.freebase.com/m/012z_m	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04y1wy	Who is an artist involved with installation art?
www.freebase.com/m/08lrlz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cxgc	where was simon drake born
www.freebase.com/m/02bnmg	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/transit_system	www.freebase.com/m/01nj0j	What kind of transit system runs the tseung kwan o line
www.freebase.com/m/02r5xv	www.freebase.com/book/literary_series/works_in_this_series	www.freebase.com/m/0j1q_dz	what series is the very short introductions from
www.freebase.com/m/02wwj6n	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/03shp	Where does the iran national handball team play?
www.freebase.com/m/01w8pm_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	What is vet stone notable for
www.freebase.com/m/04t366_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/012h24	what is a subject in the book attitude featuring andy singer
www.freebase.com/m/05l750	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is contagion
www.freebase.com/m/030n1m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Was peter landin male or female
www.freebase.com/m/026jt8p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z6ws	What is the birth place of paul baltes
www.freebase.com/m/07w05f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/070h29	where was noel brotherston born?
www.freebase.com/m/04pjd9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqwz3m	what is the active ingredient in tenofovir
www.freebase.com/m/058nt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0bpl_1	What is the name of the third summers brother in the marvel universe?
www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdmwj	what is a book about the world
www.freebase.com/m/01rrmt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What was the profession of abbas i of persia
www.freebase.com/m/0g80twd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	What kind of album is jarre forever?
www.freebase.com/m/0g70hsb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mzz64p	What is the track list from the release titled meddle
www.freebase.com/m/04cw9h	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the king is alive filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0dytk5v	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dytk64	What is a song from where ya hood at, part 3 (mixed by dj clue) album
www.freebase.com/m/0kmk_cx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/030hgz2	which release was cocaine from?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h51th3	Name an album by Julian Priester
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kht7f	what is a jazz album
www.freebase.com/m/03yfmxc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position did oswaldo henr√≠quez play
www.freebase.com/m/0j_h_y8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	what observatory was 12145 behaim discovered in
www.freebase.com/m/0zl7z3r	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of white minority?
www.freebase.com/m/05qx9w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7kv1	what is yahoo maps known to be
www.freebase.com/m/06rc31	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what types of music is easter
www.freebase.com/m/02rl9b_	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does footballer frank griffin play?
www.freebase.com/m/032zymk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	in what region of the world was definitely maybe released
www.freebase.com/m/0zlqxj0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	what is  jackie clark profession
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04mz5bc	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/0bh7db_	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	what country contains thun
www.freebase.com/m/02fln_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/01srj	what type of celestial object is 46p/wirtanen
www.freebase.com/m/047vlgd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07l9dft	Name an episode of the TV show national geographic explorer?
www.freebase.com/m/08bt7q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in theres no tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/0lqw179	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01ncd1p	Who is the father of frederikke borge?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmdbrl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z6gc	where was maria branwell born
www.freebase.com/m/02sc7d	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/07x16	what infection is hematuria a symptom of
www.freebase.com/m/0tlrq	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is west monroe a city in
www.freebase.com/m/03zxv	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0cng1p	Name someone who contributed to the film isaac bashevis singer
www.freebase.com/m/074kgp	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0j1r90p	what type of works did jonathan bate write
www.freebase.com/m/07yg9q5	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	which city is featured in the movie oil city confidential
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0k_pph	Whose death was caused by myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/021n8t	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0dqz2z	what works have edward de bono created?
www.freebase.com/m/078zg7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of thomas joseph meskill?
www.freebase.com/m/08xm3p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What nation is abbas saad from?
www.freebase.com/m/02q1ht2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/musical_key	www.freebase.com/m/063syc	what musical key was used for the composition part of your world 
www.freebase.com/m/02psqh6	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	in what position does mickey walsh play
www.freebase.com/m/05nfscz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05ngh39	Who was a guest on the daily show - season 13?
www.freebase.com/m/03c73yc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cvw9	where was basant kumar birla born
www.freebase.com/m/01mmqtn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015pdg	What genre of music is the album cross canadian ragweed (purple)
www.freebase.com/m/02qpnn_	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what soccer position does steve garvey play?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0w3f	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is 10825 augusthermann
www.freebase.com/m/027ngsl	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02d6v0	who composed six degrees of inner turbulence
www.freebase.com/m/06w1bvx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where is panjo 5 originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01vvr9y	What's a croatian band that plays rock music
www.freebase.com/m/074m2	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/prevention_factors	www.freebase.com/m/09k18	what prevents syphilis
www.freebase.com/m/02q_f4v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	Where is poul glargaard from?
www.freebase.com/m/05snw	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04cvtgv	Who is someone that is a physicist?
www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w2c3p	what books have been written about russia?
www.freebase.com/m/0crt89t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is klezmer on fish street?
www.freebase.com/m/051_y	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/027hvbv	Who was a person that was murdered
www.freebase.com/m/04jkbw6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of film is piccadilly third stop 
www.freebase.com/m/01qczr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre of music does the artist against me! produce
www.freebase.com/m/0ghxs6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04dfw1	What province is brunello (va) located in
www.freebase.com/m/06cnhx	www.freebase.com/people/family/members	www.freebase.com/m/06qng6	Who are the members of the whitney family
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0bx_swk	what is a drama television show?
www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_origin/horses_from_this_location	www.freebase.com/m/03m4l1_	whats a horse from ireland
www.freebase.com/m/0gzfqd	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/01g4pk	What is an organization in the arbitration sector?
www.freebase.com/m/05tvv5	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/06f5j	who is robert e. lee high school named after
www.freebase.com/m/0fwj1ft	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fx4wt_	In which album is ridiculously extravagant disguises featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0dvl5pk	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0fbk608	what is the primary release of the album?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvl77n	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0407f	who recorded experience
www.freebase.com/m/0cn_66b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What tv genre is the program 1dol considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/0fcpm2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	What type of movie is bhuvan shome?
www.freebase.com/m/0xtv0	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	which religion does diana mitford practice
www.freebase.com/m/0314hnt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kwtkcg	what city name of track is released in smoke
www.freebase.com/m/0j4_94d	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/05_h7	How does motionworks physical therapy identify as an organization  
www.freebase.com/m/05s_w8r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what kind of show is the real housewives of new jersey 
www.freebase.com/m/0lrl89	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/032qzx	who recorded chilean pipe song?
www.freebase.com/m/024c2	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/06vys2w	What is the characteristic symptom of the disease cholera
www.freebase.com/m/01w7fkk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	what genre of music does dev hynes perform
www.freebase.com/m/03w94xt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/034405	What artist is known for avant-garde music?
www.freebase.com/m/01clnf	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/01c46q	which 1927 comedy films was beulah annan a subject of?
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04_70v	who is an artist that makes rhythm and blues music
www.freebase.com/m/0hv7l	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fp_dlk	Who is a singer born in busan?
www.freebase.com/m/06zqhp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	where is shire of aurukun located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crdr7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music do shaheedullah and stereotypes play
www.freebase.com/m/01bddbm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02r38	Which artist recorded in the south (alassio), op. 50
www.freebase.com/m/01hm759	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the album content type of four seasons of love
www.freebase.com/m/0fwwm8b	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is the release nadirs big chance?
www.freebase.com/m/0wg823b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07cf2_r	what series is cher from 
www.freebase.com/m/0hc8h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02pz68	Who is a politician born in gloucester
www.freebase.com/m/01lk487	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0cc63jw	what album did matmos record
www.freebase.com/m/0nhslpz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dqyw	what was choucho's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0dw4g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p85hr	Name a song produced by u2?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0nhvbl5	which artist plays rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/07wl5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h666v	What is frederic ward putnam's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01mclk_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04w8rf	Who released the album the very best of rosanne cash
www.freebase.com/m/079yzb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	which city did mary chase pass away
www.freebase.com/m/03s0w	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0nrpc	What is the name of a county located in iowa?
www.freebase.com/m/06k34d3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/026kds	what console was spectrobes: origins made for?
www.freebase.com/m/0fynbz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is the occupation of francisco valls
www.freebase.com/m/09gp662	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is mark rogers
www.freebase.com/m/02kz_	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06f86m6	which book was written by ernest hemingway
www.freebase.com/m/0789l01	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	What city was leah shore born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04d2r05	What is the name of a heavy metal from Finland
www.freebase.com/m/026yfzn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03s5t	What is the subject of the book the sledding hill
www.freebase.com/m/017bv0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01n0zz9	what is the name of the album created by the Swedish band the cardigans
www.freebase.com/m/0xbb1mc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0xq_t2r	What's a track from remember me
www.freebase.com/m/064mc1p	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/07qcks	who is a parent of rolker gracie
www.freebase.com/m/02817m	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/09l3df	what is the name of a child of mary wells
www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wj85v	What's a book that deals with business
www.freebase.com/m/01jgz9c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jgy_p	what is the album made by the outfield
www.freebase.com/m/07hk85	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/085kmp	what administrative geographical unit is found in lakhisarai district
www.freebase.com/m/0hql4hb	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is pramipexole dihydrochloride 1.5 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0f7sqvy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f7sr05	What's a track from profugus mortis
www.freebase.com/m/03jbczx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m2f4b3	what is track off of metal ep?
www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wckdb	WHat's a book covering philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0c5dx5d	which artist specializes in photography?
www.freebase.com/m/064rby6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is mario moya's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04pbhw	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/08xz4c	what game has the cvg genre of superhero movie
www.freebase.com/m/02gr2z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/080mgdv	What is an album by athlete (band)?
www.freebase.com/m/01978x	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	where does the jerusalem post circulate
www.freebase.com/m/03cg8jz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what is the genre of the film mabel and fattys simple life
www.freebase.com/m/043p773	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/01jr6	What city sells the laney tower newspaper
www.freebase.com/m/03bmrt	www.freebase.com/base/grecoromanmythology/roman_deity/deity_of	www.freebase.com/m/0c9ph5	What is the deity of flora?
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_scope/organizations_with_this_scope	www.freebase.com/m/02qzyj3	What is the name of a trade union in the united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/05f64z	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was turbo: a power rangers movie filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/08hjr9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what sort of film is down to you
www.freebase.com/m/01qz0gv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01lhf7	where is hanna pakarinen from
www.freebase.com/m/02_3709	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what kind of television show is la blue girl?
www.freebase.com/m/069b97	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0wp9q	where did the second battle of corinth take place
www.freebase.com/m/07qvyx	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/016tt2	Which production company produced idiocracy
www.freebase.com/m/0mqz5dc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fv65zl	which release has the track twilight
www.freebase.com/m/02p0qx9	www.freebase.com/user/coco/science/concepts_theories/child_concept	www.freebase.com/m/01pdfw	What is a theory of differential geometry
www.freebase.com/m/01r_nd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0grm9w	What tv program is an example of telethon?
www.freebase.com/m/02zvq2	www.freebase.com/film/film/prequel	www.freebase.com/m/01z0p2	what was the prequel to beethoven's 2nd
www.freebase.com/m/064n1pz	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05zrpnd	Who composed the music for the film the girl with the dragon tattoo?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzst	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is ready steady cook filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/03qcjc5	what event occurred in stockholm
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0j24ylh	Name a 2014 thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/0nqph	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0k3qtg4	Who is a notable figure born in arlington
www.freebase.com/m/0hqthxs	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03hpqm	what is the active ingredient of advanced citrus?
www.freebase.com/m/030cv7x	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was zillo: mystic sounds, volume 9 released in
www.freebase.com/m/01c2_j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dwxl8m	what album is created by petula clark
www.freebase.com/m/059yl3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What celestial body does 443 photographica orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/099md	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0b47_y	what character was a soldier?
www.freebase.com/m/0zsb06_	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0zsl50c	what are song of the cardiac arrest album
www.freebase.com/m/0mn4p	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzjm3w	where is rockbridge county lcoated 
www.freebase.com/m/02n4pz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did leigh bowery kick the bucket
www.freebase.com/m/02qs8qk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0r0tz	Where is subnoize souljaz originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/03z9d62	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01dycg	who is the developer of the world ends with you
www.freebase.com/m/03hl5v_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of tv program is the charmer
www.freebase.com/m/03fjwb	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/0sy8w	who is the architect for the  culzean castle
www.freebase.com/m/02q68rq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was the lot in sodom filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0fqrq6h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is a color of the elizabeth cobb middle school
www.freebase.com/m/0bfrwvm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is takuji suzuki's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02h7hyr	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0lj8m	what's a company in the transportation industry
www.freebase.com/m/0dlj95j	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/09s02	what is spoken in shrimad virat veerabrahmendra swami charitra
www.freebase.com/m/0s2l_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03s5t	what state is smelterville in
www.freebase.com/m/03h2vsw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is the film shotgun jones in
www.freebase.com/m/0j153fh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/069d68	who is kathy bryan's son
www.freebase.com/m/01nmtdr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music does the the acoustic ep album play
www.freebase.com/m/04n0h2g	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does cho hyung-ik play in soccer 
www.freebase.com/m/06k3_3	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	What's an instrument that jason mcgerr plays
www.freebase.com/m/0g1jf	www.freebase.com/base/fight/crime_type/includes_crimes	www.freebase.com/m/027b1nr	what is a kind of crime is under fraud
www.freebase.com/m/0l7h8lx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035270b	what is a track released from hong kong
www.freebase.com/m/04wc5s1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0517l	What is the subject of the book titled ecstatic dance
www.freebase.com/m/0bh7jby	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film titled try this one for size
www.freebase.com/m/0hwtb_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	WHich nation filmed 42 one dream rush
www.freebase.com/m/0gbv047	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What country is number 17 from
www.freebase.com/m/0dg4c9	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0d2fd7	who was the publisher of blokus portable: steambot championship
www.freebase.com/m/05j2_l	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	which country contains adevƒÉrul
www.freebase.com/m/0cmch_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/03yht_	who directed the cinematography for nero's mistress?
www.freebase.com/m/02r_cd4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7c7b	What is chris joynt notable as
www.freebase.com/m/0gcz9p	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/092vfn	Name one of rick j. jordan's compositions
www.freebase.com/m/0v91csc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What kind of music did the album lili feature
www.freebase.com/m/01pt1p6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0frrqnm	what track did akira rabelais create
www.freebase.com/m/01p1v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0tm43f_	what person was born in chile
www.freebase.com/m/0lptdg8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0355vgg	what album is fracture a track on
www.freebase.com/m/0h2z81s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what is the subject of the book believing is seeing
www.freebase.com/m/052p7	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03mcx68	which actress was born in montreal?
www.freebase.com/m/05zv0p8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of film is the movie 3 acts of murder
www.freebase.com/m/0k91t52	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0488g9	Who directed the film downhearted duckling?
www.freebase.com/m/04mzgh	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/018tkd	What type of business industry is geek squad?
www.freebase.com/m/01j76wf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	which music genre is make a jazz noise here
www.freebase.com/m/0qjjwbv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is Michael Logen's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03cn_g3	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bhcsp1	who wrote  babylon
www.freebase.com/m/027tvvb	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0fv2n	Who was a parent of princess louise of belgium
www.freebase.com/m/02p_ymm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037yf	What was the ghost brigades written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0fkby	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/02fdx5	What events take place in taranto?
www.freebase.com/m/04w7v4q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05fh2	which subject does the book the generation of diversity fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/059xv7x	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/027hnjh	Who wrote the TV series "This is not happening"?
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02r60g5	Name a public school (government funded) in Mobile, Alabama.
www.freebase.com/m/0f9bds	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What ethnicity is conrad mcrae
www.freebase.com/m/031hcx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the film harry potter and the order of the phoenix spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rpfd8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre is made of bricks
www.freebase.com/m/07k5gz9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What genre of film is dangerous passage?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0465n13	What is the name of an american actor and film director?
www.freebase.com/m/03g16t0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02jzfc	who created an album called live... in the raw
www.freebase.com/m/018fc9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rpgqz	Who is a roboticist born in gelsenkirchen
www.freebase.com/m/0n49rv6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	whats brian hannant's country of origin
www.freebase.com/m/0ht2j	www.freebase.com/law/invention/inventor	www.freebase.com/m/01sm4b	who invented the arc lamp?
www.freebase.com/m/04zhn2	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dr5y	Who edited the film Assault on Precinct 13?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02rzpgc	Who plays the position of defender?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0l5g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the fire trap
www.freebase.com/m/017gznz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vw8mh	What rapper made real soon
www.freebase.com/m/01m4r9w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01730d	what genre does koko taylor perform
www.freebase.com/m/01nrz4	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0nby6wg	what's the name of james hetfield's son
www.freebase.com/m/011bb6	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is glenwood city in?
www.freebase.com/m/04t0tnm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is lion at school and other stories
www.freebase.com/m/0zp_ssp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03x6n9	who was the composer of  a man/me/then jim
www.freebase.com/m/07c0n2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03jgz	What is Timothy Miller profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0x1lktc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what category does eta carinae a fall in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy_hzb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	(11185) 1998 hs100 is a star in what star system
www.freebase.com/m/01bbg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs0n9	what is the marketed formulation of the drug benzoic acid?
www.freebase.com/m/03h_fk5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dyxn5c	What is a famous song by johnny cash?
www.freebase.com/m/08kkrl	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the sex of rose of kingston?
www.freebase.com/m/040nd5g	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0662t4	What developer created lumines?
www.freebase.com/m/0p_sc	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/0bmkpgf	who was midnight express's casting director
www.freebase.com/m/076tz4b	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/05nq56	why was bray wyatt named after
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fdv3	What is a well known adventure film
www.freebase.com/m/0358tnm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l8f7jf	What is the name of the track list on good n ready?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8pz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hs6wr	what album was recorded by andrew lloyd webber
www.freebase.com/m/0gkg6	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0l1yqxw	What is the name of a composition by dave mustaine
www.freebase.com/m/0jx9l45	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is the drug gianvi 3/0.02 kit
www.freebase.com/m/04w8fm0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05nrg	what is about cultural liberalism in australia
www.freebase.com/m/04t265_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0h7g8	What is the name of the author responsible for la galaxia internet?
www.freebase.com/m/049z5nb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nm6k	what maine county is crockertown located in
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03f_dgc	What is an album from 2003?
www.freebase.com/m/01j636m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sjh0v	What song was written by vonda shepard?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/08j9tp	who has midfielder football position in Manchester United
www.freebase.com/m/077jbm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01531	Where was douglas fowley born?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06w9jvy	What is a film in the horror genre?
www.freebase.com/m/01ph618	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cszh	Which record label is baby bash on?
www.freebase.com/m/02x3x7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what country gives danny foster his nationality
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09vfxf	what's a science fiction book title
www.freebase.com/m/01pkwvr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	does requiem of the apocalypse consist of rap or death metal music
www.freebase.com/m/0rfhfyd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0qpgy	Where in arizona did jeff barlett start his career
www.freebase.com/m/0w1h15f	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language was the referees filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02lklc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gp5my	where is osafune located
www.freebase.com/m/07s6rsh	www.freebase.com/computer/software/languages_used	www.freebase.com/m/01t6b	what language is used for the uzbl software
www.freebase.com/m/0bdt9r5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats jens j√∏rn spottags biological gender
www.freebase.com/m/0lspc	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	which religion does rhodri the great follow?
www.freebase.com/m/06cc_1	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	which instrument does michael mcdonald play
www.freebase.com/m/02vkxjs	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02sxhm	what was involved in the battle of arroyo grande?
www.freebase.com/m/0vmt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0qq51	What is a census designated place in arizona
www.freebase.com/m/03_3c6	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/05frfm	glossodynia is a symptom of what kind of ailment?
www.freebase.com/m/0133gf	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hpcdn2	what does bobby brown do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/02qps93	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is yolande james's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04mz4vx	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does j√≥zsef braun play
www.freebase.com/m/04_8n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05vw7	Where was the place of birth of michael foot
www.freebase.com/m/03h_h2g	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does ana voog play
www.freebase.com/m/05v2lnq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	Which nordic country does lars kaalund belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03fqtkq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l_j6ly	What is a track from the album?
www.freebase.com/m/09tzt61	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0jqtz	what film is directed by kendall o'connor
www.freebase.com/m/01fs85	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0h68kcz	what are albums by monica
www.freebase.com/m/03_jhh	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tw0t	What is an artist under shanachie records
www.freebase.com/m/0ch6sg8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country was anna falgu√®res born in 
www.freebase.com/m/04wrr	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/019tfz	what ideology is the political party mebyon kernow?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh7rd_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What's a gameplay mode in serious sam 3: bfe
www.freebase.com/m/0cb_svr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	Where did anna nemitz pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/05mhvs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	which country does luc donckerwolke come from
www.freebase.com/m/03_t_4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/075nhcb	what is about black history month
www.freebase.com/m/0584k9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljvm	what is eszopiclone
www.freebase.com/m/0bfc6kr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	what type of album is houyoku
www.freebase.com/m/06t5tc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/065zlg5	what is the name of monstrosity's album
www.freebase.com/m/09n9r8y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is suicide fleet from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsjrl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0h1yy	What's an active ingredient for trophamine?
www.freebase.com/m/01whq3q	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01fhwx	who was influenced by georges ivanovitch gurdjieff?
www.freebase.com/m/05zszxp	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city released gidget grows up
www.freebase.com/m/05b6ssq	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	Which production company worked on smilin' through
www.freebase.com/m/0zwhmb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033kf9r	what album contains the harlem song
www.freebase.com/m/03z705	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is the profession of george clarke?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6vb0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jan ≈ÅƒÖczny's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02z61l9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	what city did sam whipple die in
www.freebase.com/m/04vrxh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/05httk	What company is chad hugo a founder of
www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02w2_pz	Name a band that falls under the classical music genre
www.freebase.com/m/01j748f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	What type of music is on the album candlebox
www.freebase.com/m/05nsm5y	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06rfy5	Which game developed created nhl 09
www.freebase.com/m/01pqfc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/023dcl	who was born in w√ºrzburg?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgm03v	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0kvf88	which film was produced by executive producer jos√© luis escolar
www.freebase.com/m/01q6mh	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/03dcd	what science studies gallstone
www.freebase.com/m/01m7d2m	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	what type of music is metal church?
www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/013dwh	This small town is located in maryland
www.freebase.com/m/0bhgnz	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wj1n9	what is a book written by edna lewis 
www.freebase.com/m/0v_9dt5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of bety k. majern√≠kov√° 
www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/01xl5	what is a company in the aviation industry 
www.freebase.com/m/025zp00	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0crs0v0	where on netflix is eli stone
www.freebase.com/m/03prrg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ftxc	where was john riley tanner's death
www.freebase.com/m/0dl74t1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the last egyptian from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgrd1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/065qz1	What company manufactures the drug banzel 400 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0pd1wn2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	What profession does ruzzo medina practice
www.freebase.com/m/0356rwq	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the region lush was released in 
www.freebase.com/m/01p0ljs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03xz03h	what is an album by verbena (band)
www.freebase.com/m/0hrb04s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/015f5d	where was eole galli born
www.freebase.com/m/0lzx1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is susana gim√©nez's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02rh19j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ken barefoot's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04j57kn	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/region	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	Where did 2006 freeman russian river valley pinot noir come from
www.freebase.com/m/0594wb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04l95h	who is an artist who records under melodiya
www.freebase.com/m/02qjcfs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is stephanos dragoumis's sex
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y28lz	which asteroid was discovered in 2000?
www.freebase.com/m/0ql36	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/056c3p	what label is the artist george clinton (musician) under?
www.freebase.com/m/0jls77x	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country made hercules:the brave and the bold
www.freebase.com/m/033d8bh	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was k√§rger√§s / hell symphony formated
www.freebase.com/m/03c38jn	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/03gt2f	What is the architectural style of st. paul's episcopal church?
www.freebase.com/m/03zvbv2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sxgnw	what was one of the songs on jungle massive
www.freebase.com/m/01fsb46	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type was le roi danse?
www.freebase.com/m/05c4ps3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqq3fv	which track was done by alan steward
www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07_rb5	what district is in peru
www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsv0l	What drug is taken in the form of a subcutaneous injection?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/08m5bk	What is the release type of "get in the ring"?
www.freebase.com/m/04j5jl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g9x_gr	Name someone with the profession master of ceremonies
www.freebase.com/m/0g47hz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is lee harris
www.freebase.com/m/0fm6mhy	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country was faites couler la bi√®re released in
www.freebase.com/m/033gkt	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/014gc6	Who is the producer for higher learning
www.freebase.com/m/0bhsp0	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what's lisa tucker's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/03cg1vw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0qdzd	What genre does rock n roll nightmare fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0412crj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is jocelyn oxlade's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0284tlq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	What genre of music does pacifika produce
www.freebase.com/m/05vw7	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/025x47	what's a post secondary school in plymouth
www.freebase.com/m/076724	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the mount originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/0dnb_xt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m8rv1c	What is the 10th track on the best of busta rhymes
www.freebase.com/m/0y7m2q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0my56s1	whats an example of a  track from the recording  little red rooster
www.freebase.com/m/053wg7p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0h7p7cz	Name an album by the artist jls.
www.freebase.com/m/09mqpx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in any bonds today??
www.freebase.com/m/0hnk_ly	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/period_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/03xj1	What period does the art piece the brook at medfield reflect
www.freebase.com/m/02xb01	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	What label does madison avenue work with?
www.freebase.com/m/01p0_n8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is the muppet show: the 25th anniversary collection
www.freebase.com/m/04w2znd	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qgc	what type of book is no more hiroshimas?
www.freebase.com/m/07y4j_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what genre is lavender castle
www.freebase.com/m/02q2v8j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	in which city was barry ferguson born
www.freebase.com/m/047ts7v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position is daniel aquino pintos charged of 
www.freebase.com/m/02ykns	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	where is lofoten?
www.freebase.com/m/02vp16f	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/03q5t	what instrument does grant colburn play 
www.freebase.com/m/0hzj09y	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02nxk	Who is a child of frank pattee
www.freebase.com/m/023lrv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what genre of music does the artist darren hayes produce
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cy7b4	what are bollywood movies on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02hmmd3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03d6fyn	who published the vampire: the masquerade - redemption game
www.freebase.com/m/05mn2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wj4z9	what book was written on the subject of optics
www.freebase.com/m/02r967z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzwf	where is daniel j. elazar originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0gwv8j	which movie is released in france 
www.freebase.com/m/0s8yx20	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	what kind of game is colin mcrae rally
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02qjxpy	Name a musician.
www.freebase.com/m/034sxp2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l6k99z	what is a track from the very best of: more songs to learn and sing
www.freebase.com/m/0crrwty	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in paul bowles: the complete outsider
www.freebase.com/m/0gjc5yv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where is luke seomore from
www.freebase.com/m/05hp48c	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what media is bentheim castle painted with
www.freebase.com/m/04y7y2	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06dlhlb	What has augusten burroughs written
www.freebase.com/m/0h362	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what classification is the two towers
www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03ccsvw	which musician plays the violin
www.freebase.com/m/04knzl5	www.freebase.com/biology/breed_coloring/breeds	www.freebase.com/m/029bcs	Name a red dog breed.
www.freebase.com/m/0w34wbj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0wg73lz	What's an episode from rifftrax - season 1?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/07pqtz	Name an indie rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/0ghtjcl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/04wgh	Which country did the film zohra: a moroccan fairytale originate in
www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05xxf7h	Name a teacher. 
www.freebase.com/m/03f4k	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_k4v_v	what are the names of compositions by george gershwin
www.freebase.com/m/043ln2w	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/prequel	www.freebase.com/m/0g6p4_	what is the prequel for etrian odyssey ii: heroes of lagaard
www.freebase.com/m/01gfqh	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w4_44	what books have been written on social history?
www.freebase.com/m/06ch55	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/025tfd0	which instrumentalist plays jazz piano
www.freebase.com/m/012lj1	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0lhsf7	what did the dust brothers produce?
www.freebase.com/m/03np6ry	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what genre of music is kasou musou shi
www.freebase.com/m/0x4gslq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0xcmlzg	What's a track from house top 100, volume 12
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bskvl	Who could be considered as a pop music artist
www.freebase.com/m/07f_t4	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	what located was the film 300 shot
www.freebase.com/m/0crxsvn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of genre is the new wild west: documentary collection
www.freebase.com/m/01n4_yn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/043g7l	what label is terrence parker signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0392z7l	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	what music label released home plate
www.freebase.com/m/0x4g_k3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was 12 #1 hits, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/03ksy	www.freebase.com/education/university/departments	www.freebase.com/m/0cl_476	what departments are in harvard university?
www.freebase.com/m/065rf	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/05qtt5	which political party pursues pan-arabism
www.freebase.com/m/02rz0z8	www.freebase.com/base/fashionmodels/fashion_model/eye_color	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is barbara meier's eye color?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/08hd8h	What is a game with single-player mode?
www.freebase.com/m/05t_7j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is the nationality of colin munro macleod
www.freebase.com/m/0nmktyq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q_w2p	who recorded the song o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/04bdv2x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f6zs	what county is bakers mills in
www.freebase.com/m/0crvl2s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what kind of film is cartoons for victory
www.freebase.com/m/0lcd	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_range/passes	www.freebase.com/m/02_lmr	what is the mountain pass located in the alps
www.freebase.com/m/01x95v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is richard crashaw from?
www.freebase.com/m/0mhfr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01spht2	what is an indie rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio
www.freebase.com/m/03qhptg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of album is i thought it was you
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mb8rr	what is a music album
www.freebase.com/m/0t_nb_d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vw20h	girls, girls, girls was a song by what artist?
www.freebase.com/m/02rxwwp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mzy7	Where was heidi blickenstaff born
www.freebase.com/m/04w7n3c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what subject is covered in orphan warriors
www.freebase.com/m/0xm6q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	where is west cape may, new jersey located?
www.freebase.com/m/03czf24	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0g_g2	who was the artist that put out the album lost highway: the concert
www.freebase.com/m/06c4cr	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/01qcz7	what is the area of circulation for the newspaper titled  24 heures
www.freebase.com/m/0vxgm6n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	How did james blair die
www.freebase.com/m/04y823d	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/02csf	what form of art is bla≈æej bal√°≈æ
www.freebase.com/m/04j2x_p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country was spiders released first?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvkx99	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_t0ps	what was a track on the release morning view
www.freebase.com/m/0h57jg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What sort of movie is fire tripper
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b3yc5q	what is a 1941 Western comedy musical film
www.freebase.com/m/03jg3sz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what classification is solid gold '68
www.freebase.com/m/08k_1g	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04924s	what type of game is fallout tactics
www.freebase.com/m/09cmjz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is the occupation of susan bordo
www.freebase.com/m/0g04tqr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0sx09	which artist recorded lost?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrqyx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is annie leibovitz the movie in
www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fz2rg4	Name a power pop album by Two Hours Traffic
www.freebase.com/m/0dnl8r	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c17	Where is ernest dunlop swinton from?
www.freebase.com/m/084rfyp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of james ward byrkit
www.freebase.com/m/033l1sb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01dzf93	What is a track on the democracy release?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crzl67	What is one of the documentary film that can be found on Netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/049ksbk	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02cygv	Who was a producer of music from \\"the elder\\"
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04n52j1	Who would be a baseball player
www.freebase.com/m/04ylyxc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	what is the topic of the book 50/50?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr5dt	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What kind of product is healthy makeup liquid foundation?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwqllb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was charleston, sc 1966 released 
www.freebase.com/m/04f9l2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is nathan bryan's place of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0276q8f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what genre is a sultans ransom
www.freebase.com/m/0bqtx	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03cbx6f	Which military man was involved with the second boer war?
www.freebase.com/m/06rv4	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/0hfcz	What's the lower classification of solanaceae
www.freebase.com/m/0lp1cqq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0z5nj0	what is a track of the brittany album
www.freebase.com/m/0jsg0m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/07yr0y	which record label worked closely with peter tork
www.freebase.com/m/04w75w6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0221qp	what is the subject of the untapped power of the sacrament of penance
www.freebase.com/m/03g24jf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of new york: on the road 86‚Äì87
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrfsr	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/07d6lp	what is the active moieties of the drug melphalan hydrochloride
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0_rnmgp	what is the compilation album by nils lofgren called
www.freebase.com/m/04vg8	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0rybqrz	who was born in martinique
www.freebase.com/m/09q0rv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What was arthur kopit's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/026f2hp	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is the environmental chemistry (journal) written
www.freebase.com/m/0c8d17x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04kf4	Where was heinz eichler's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/01mx9nb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	What is Colin Linden's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ph7vt	what album is speed metal?
www.freebase.com/m/0f850_5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is q102: redbeards all access
www.freebase.com/m/02_7t	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/01hlzm	Name a finance company.
www.freebase.com/m/01nsj7d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dy_wh3	what is a song by headless chickens
www.freebase.com/m/09z2yf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of film is the three burials of melquiades estrada?
www.freebase.com/m/02f4sh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is the geographic location of the libertarian party of canada
www.freebase.com/m/01kr4_m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_nyx	where was david ball born
www.freebase.com/m/09f3c	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v2rf19	What is the name of an actor born in seville?
www.freebase.com/m/027tqht	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/0210kv	What school district is carver vocational technical high school a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/04qqww	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	hong kong time is in which time zone
www.freebase.com/m/05vhyrm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gives paul j. alpers his nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01tv5c	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0c829w	Name an example of modern architecture
www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0290x7	which platform game features mario's evil twin?
www.freebase.com/m/017dv8	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/051rh84	what are some books about birdwatching?
www.freebase.com/m/02rr8mv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does pablo alvarado play
www.freebase.com/m/05j6ln	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the bad news bears in breaking training from?
www.freebase.com/m/01jlhm7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/046wcd	what label is lilys with?
www.freebase.com/m/036zm	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/015nr6	who is a notable person with the disease goitre
www.freebase.com/m/09v33l9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What was Mercedes Helnwein's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03k50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0f0nrb	What is the name of a title from the hindi genre
www.freebase.com/m/03y6s5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is graham fitkin's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0g6ggyn	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was hitarchief top 2000 released as?
www.freebase.com/m/0gsqs5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	Where is mera located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wggx5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what is dear family about?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0407b26	what is an art rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/0clw54b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	Where is american institute of alternative medicine located at?
www.freebase.com/m/090c2s	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what major conflict did bruce ruxton participate
www.freebase.com/m/07ztnb	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/032cn9	who produced the tune
www.freebase.com/m/02h_nl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01g45j	where did dale gardner die
www.freebase.com/m/0fd1cb	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/09bnf	What's a language spoken by jayanthi (actress)
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gp_v6	what is a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/01jx01l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fbsgln	what are songs by maurice williams & the zodiacs?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h973sd	What's an indie rock album by kimya dawson
www.freebase.com/m/025ldg	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/05n1b9	Name a song composed by kelly clarkson
www.freebase.com/m/04w4sf5	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04xqn9p	What is an edition of the book my dog tulip
www.freebase.com/m/039vz0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language is the film baise-moi in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftwstv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mvv0pz	what tracks are on kansas city?
www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kk9_2	what is a 2004 power metal album
www.freebase.com/m/0h3x800	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/038_5c	Who discovered (29156) 1989 ch?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g3cjz	Name a Japanese actor
www.freebase.com/m/0djbh86	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was the film boys life 7 created in
www.freebase.com/m/0fxhxhw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ldr0l	Who does the song brazil
www.freebase.com/m/02wvhbf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01b85	where was anna cora mowatt born at?
www.freebase.com/m/04p9tf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cz7w0t	whats the name of someone born in alor setar
www.freebase.com/m/01hl3jm	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0rqmcm8	What's a song from bad (album)
www.freebase.com/m/05b9mj	www.freebase.com/base/movietheatres/type_of_movie_theatre_cinema/movie_theatres_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/07dv26	what is an example of a movie palace
www.freebase.com/m/026j3tv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05b5v8	Who is a notable person born in nedlands
www.freebase.com/m/03ljr	www.freebase.com/user/sprocketonline/economics/legislative_body/passed_legislation	www.freebase.com/m/0krtm	what was a piece of legislation passed in the 1750s by the house of commons of the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/04d_1h7	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01l1rw	Who handled the music for five days one summer
www.freebase.com/m/0c02yj4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0cc1v	where is rex salas from 
www.freebase.com/m/03h2f_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrcpv	What is a marketed formulation of benzoyl peroxide
www.freebase.com/m/04wh_5b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is jazz chants for children written about 
www.freebase.com/m/0f2znbq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mk12n7	What is a track featured on the recording las vegas
www.freebase.com/m/04g9gd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did the film domino come from
www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03hn9hp	what is the album in the electronic dance music genre
www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/041376v	Name a platform game that appeared on the NES
www.freebase.com/m/0hzcgg6	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area_type/pertains_to	www.freebase.com/m/03rj0	Where does municipality of iceland pertain to?
www.freebase.com/m/01mkwb5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n99b	who takes the credit for the album born free
www.freebase.com/m/02fchr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/090914	Name a person who was born in anyang.
www.freebase.com/m/0jyckk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is ≈†ar≈´nas puidokas's profession
www.freebase.com/m/01nxpn	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/036qlr	which organizations were founded by ellen g. white?
www.freebase.com/m/0czf7ct	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018w8	what is the subject of the film final shot: the hank gathers story
www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j13pj	which movie speak french language in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0crscn_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	which country released deadly kick
www.freebase.com/m/03d06y5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	What is the color of st aloysius college, adelaide?
www.freebase.com/m/09r1tv	www.freebase.com/aviation/airliner_accident/flight_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03jn4	which airport did british airways flight 149 come from 
www.freebase.com/m/038h8vt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ln05kw	What's a song featured on ask the dust
www.freebase.com/m/02bd2b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is a language in soldier blue
www.freebase.com/m/04j0b26	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	Which genre of film is cia: exiled?
www.freebase.com/m/06pj8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0cfyjq	what tv show did steven spielberg create
www.freebase.com/m/0280mpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	what type of music does  denise jones make
www.freebase.com/m/067twr	www.freebase.com/education/school_mascot/school	www.freebase.com/m/01wdj_	which university has auburn university aubie
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/079vzv	what artist is under columbia records?
www.freebase.com/m/031y1zz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kyhn6y	what is a track off the no protection album
www.freebase.com/m/012lsf	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/014_lq	which rock group did mc5 influence 
www.freebase.com/m/043kj1m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	Is moonlight & magic an adventure or horror movie
www.freebase.com/m/01963w	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0f09_2	What is a book written by c. j. cherryh?
www.freebase.com/m/02q8bfk	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/producer	www.freebase.com/m/06kfhf	who was the producer for the totally rad show
www.freebase.com/m/03gthps	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	What type of album is never say never?
www.freebase.com/m/01178cm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/035h24n	What release can the recording los angeles be found?
www.freebase.com/m/01jc6vw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jc6_7	who is the artist who made a greatest hits ii album
www.freebase.com/m/0cn68	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/04glcrr	Who is a prominent japanese american
www.freebase.com/m/0c5n73	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is raiders of the living dead from
www.freebase.com/m/07kwk0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dv18pj	What is a track by barry harris?
www.freebase.com/m/0zmpz4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7t	What male musician recorded the song andy warhol?
www.freebase.com/m/02pzjck	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	What army was the 10th ohio infantry a part of
www.freebase.com/m/073tl6	www.freebase.com/music/music_video_director/music_videos_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0n1yjlx	What is the name of a music video directed by marcos siega
www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/03wh2k3	What is an example of gothic revival architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmsjvr	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/03cfb7	in what topic gallery does the image hcv em picture 2 appear
www.freebase.com/m/04t4tt6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0fqw8x	Who authored the night people
www.freebase.com/m/03fmrq2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f6v4m1	what track can be found in the release learn to let it go (the demos)
www.freebase.com/m/03b0nsm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ltttch	what song is on oobu joobu, part 1 
www.freebase.com/m/01lw6sh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album titled play blessures
www.freebase.com/m/0f3mx	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/02vlxrs	what songs did otto harbach write the lyrics to?
www.freebase.com/m/0crs0fg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is holiday favorites: vol. 3?
www.freebase.com/m/09gbf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/011nc1v	Which album did Placido Domingo contribute with gaetano donizetti?
www.freebase.com/m/0335dh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c1d0	Where is the birth place of marian chace?
www.freebase.com/m/023m51	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05sx_m2	who was a famous person born in bandar-e anzali
www.freebase.com/m/076kb5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04fnrhx	Who is harald ii of denmark
www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q4mtr	what artist has rca records
www.freebase.com/m/03y7k10	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	Where was 5596 morbidelli discovered?
www.freebase.com/m/02qfs0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what netflix genre is dog soldiers under 
www.freebase.com/m/04cjq6d	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m7sfq2	what is a song on compton‚Äôs og
www.freebase.com/m/0ff6npg	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the format of the release lilith fair: a celebration of women in music
www.freebase.com/m/0h7l6d_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	What genre is the album singles club
www.freebase.com/m/08n5g6	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/08n5f5	what school district is kearns high school in 
www.freebase.com/m/047jrs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03j41y_	What is gordon allport known for 
www.freebase.com/m/01nds	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/09rdgb	which fighting games were developed by capcom?
www.freebase.com/m/0x0gs7_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01w62hf	Who wrote the song spring
www.freebase.com/m/0lrkvh1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039c61_	What release featured the track zion
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0x1skqm	who is a film director?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvnxw	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what language is the movie never belongs to me in
www.freebase.com/m/0l72c2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03651h2	which releases contain the recording venus?
www.freebase.com/m/026n1v	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0cq1g8y	what took place on the gettysburg battlefield 
www.freebase.com/m/01mf7yq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/026s90	Which label did art porter release work on?
www.freebase.com/m/02x0ltz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	where is √Ñnglag√•rd from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hp7s37	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is belly in
www.freebase.com/m/02887c	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01g3b2	where was mario echandi jim√©nez born 
www.freebase.com/m/0b8221	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	What disease ultimately killed esquerita
www.freebase.com/m/05ks_l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02k_kn	what kind of music does john ford coley play
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j01hl	what album was released in 1989?
www.freebase.com/m/0275175	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	where was margret suckale born at?
www.freebase.com/m/06d929	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zp32b	Which tracks were recorded by atsushi sakurai?
www.freebase.com/m/051wvjj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	The album mysteries is from what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0_kgvlz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/077rj	who wrote the lyrics for a little night music: you must meet my wife
www.freebase.com/m/03qnfwp	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	What is the school color of portage college?
www.freebase.com/m/0298n7	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	where was seabiscuit (film) filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0c624p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0407gc	what caused corics's death
www.freebase.com/m/0h9508b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what types of music is played by ninth parade
www.freebase.com/m/01r3lb2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was born to be no good released in
www.freebase.com/m/0gt_bh	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	What group of languages does the malaynon language belong to
www.freebase.com/m/07bmsp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of mademoiselle a√Øss√©?
www.freebase.com/m/0qsrbkz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what kind of film is the inventor alva - the excavations
www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/0g9h4p	what radio station in Miami is known for its adult contemporary music
www.freebase.com/m/01wpq9m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city was hutch harris born
www.freebase.com/m/0ffy02	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0h6k	what type of institution is riseholme college 
www.freebase.com/m/06mrl0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dmm1f	where did hans-j√ºrgen von arnim take his last breath
www.freebase.com/m/01v7kjr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03qy3l	What label is damon harris associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/01pr_j6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01pr_8q	What is the name of himesh reshammiya's album?
www.freebase.com/m/0cn8g	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/01qn20	what is  caesarean section used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/04nl2qj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01914	what city and china was  zhang chi born
www.freebase.com/m/04638ms	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/021r60	who wrote whiskey, mystics & men
www.freebase.com/m/01p27gd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	ph.d. was what type of musical release?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8nm_	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fglh	what is a story of looking for simon
www.freebase.com/m/07_lmm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0lc52_1	Which episode is the high life?
www.freebase.com/m/029htnm	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/01jd0y	what was in famas dsc06877
www.freebase.com/m/0_jzz08	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vw87c	who is the composer for summertime
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04h1mq	Name an electronic music artist
www.freebase.com/m/03zf_l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsrj4	what are the dosages available for mannitol
www.freebase.com/m/02r3ld0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	What was the cause of death for georg danzer
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03h4_gz	What's a live album by the doors
www.freebase.com/m/05577p	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/08tjm1	what style of architecture was crawford hall built in?
www.freebase.com/m/0403l3g	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0gs0nr	what is a hack and slash role-playing video game 
www.freebase.com/m/0wkb5_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what is the genre of the film shadow boxing 3
www.freebase.com/m/05cn8h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02r1m50	who was born in tumut?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdfjy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0g6g3_	Who is the author of becoming a graphic designer?
www.freebase.com/m/0m1v1l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030jmrt	which song is part of aurora
www.freebase.com/m/02772pj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of show is spyforce?
www.freebase.com/m/05chphh	www.freebase.com/base/classiccars/classic_car/body_styles_produced	www.freebase.com/m/021mp2	What type of car body style is the lagonda v12
www.freebase.com/m/06mhr_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is james harris (politician) from
www.freebase.com/m/04sw1f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what type of movie is dil ne jise apna kahaa
www.freebase.com/m/0g0wx7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	the film the trench  is considered what type of genre
www.freebase.com/m/0dlmbh5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What is the language of the film khichdi: the movie?
www.freebase.com/m/0z7y00v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released gorging?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d0xt6	What is an example of a drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/04qn3w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What is the nationality of frank woodley
www.freebase.com/m/0mk0mn3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fbwqkk	what is the release that grey is from 
www.freebase.com/m/0jxm19k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/025sk5n	what is the active component of the nightime cough and bronchial syrup
www.freebase.com/m/01k7k7y	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	what type of album is ball
www.freebase.com/m/0l15h4x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/032rs71	whats the name of the release that had the release track titled annie on it
www.freebase.com/m/07yp_4	www.freebase.com/base/dance/dance_company/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d6n1	What is the san francisco ballet known for?
www.freebase.com/m/01qt1kx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013yq	where was richardbonemusic born
www.freebase.com/m/0189y8	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0lpwln0	which jazz musician was born in the municipality of steinkjer
www.freebase.com/m/0g1vb16	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fr432l	What is a track on the release in paris?
www.freebase.com/m/02wwyb_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does kevin macmichael play?
www.freebase.com/m/02rdldp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is the character capricorn
www.freebase.com/m/01jzmp_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	what genre of music is phoenix 
www.freebase.com/m/04t_yn	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	What style of book is a night in the lonesome october?
www.freebase.com/m/033p1v7	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was deep inside... released in
www.freebase.com/m/01z_ks	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/uses_game_engine	www.freebase.com/m/0l71p	Which game engine does escape from monkey island use?
www.freebase.com/m/01lrmzt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cnzj	Which genre of music is on the album decadance
www.freebase.com/m/02g9kk	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what ethnicity is sam mills 
www.freebase.com/m/04jny1q	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	What baseball position does ken gerhart play?
www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0gbbmz	which game is action-adventure game
www.freebase.com/m/0h7nkrn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is labid khalifa's sex
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04jnhcs	what is a thriller (genre) film?
www.freebase.com/m/06_6r02	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	what city and state is dora moore elementary school located in
www.freebase.com/m/0frf0d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is atrani known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0k084gl	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03kbr	what religion does satya swarup arora practice
www.freebase.com/m/0c82b	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	where did mongol invasion of rus' occur
www.freebase.com/m/0clw2jk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is kaplan college - panorama city in
www.freebase.com/m/057nvj4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is karoline jagemann male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0dwn4ds	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fhnzn	What release is a christmas carol a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0bxl537	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is henry walter barnett's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0xn5dj9	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/breed_of	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what kind of animal is a toy poodle
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dsnykb	What would be an alternative rock album
www.freebase.com/m/01vsl3_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	What instrument does john lennon play
www.freebase.com/m/04n3xyj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09d11	how did marc porel die
www.freebase.com/m/049rg_8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012hz4	Who wrote the album r√©volution
www.freebase.com/m/0j3zwkb	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	in what position does bryan melendez play
www.freebase.com/m/02qy0f5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the film flowers in the attic written in?
www.freebase.com/m/089gq	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09gf1yz	Name an artist from the zarzuela genre
www.freebase.com/m/0wpvg5m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is adoni xavier male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/0g1qtq0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mx9y17	What is a track on the bora album? 
www.freebase.com/m/017w7yw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f7jfh	who recorded the song breathe and stop
www.freebase.com/m/01h83bk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rp117	what type of music is the sea change album
www.freebase.com/m/0rsh1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is live oak in
www.freebase.com/m/01tthm	www.freebase.com/digicams/camera_storage_type/compatible_cameras	www.freebase.com/m/03q2qgk	what is a camera compatible with secure digital card
www.freebase.com/m/095w_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/025_2bz	What is the name of a notable figure who was born in budapest
www.freebase.com/m/02t17r	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/06yxtq	itraconazole is used to treat what illness?
www.freebase.com/m/05zqyx9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	what is toivo pawlo place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0m0pllb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0wgbl5f	what is the name of an episode from breaking amish
www.freebase.com/m/09llnf	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/09llgt	who were lawrence washington (1659‚Äì1698)'s parents
www.freebase.com/m/01fj_hr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is dubstep allstars, volume 02
www.freebase.com/m/03qj3ms	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what country is kay hawke from
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0lbc59m	Name a professional film director
www.freebase.com/m/04tq19q	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01r76f	who was the editor of fassbinder, berlin alexanderplatz?
www.freebase.com/m/05fb8f2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qk4vm	What artist has an album titled strength, power, will, passion?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g4p__1	What film is in the genre drama?
www.freebase.com/m/0y9mq2w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	A version of alhambra
www.freebase.com/m/04n1xx1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the sex of judith of schweinfurt
www.freebase.com/m/0gmlq0n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is jon thompson?
www.freebase.com/m/09gj9p	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	Is platinum pohl fiction or non fiction
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027dpj2	Name an album.
www.freebase.com/m/05ycjpx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is otto kirchheimer's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0cnbr7j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the film the least among you from
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g261n	what movie is a type of action film?
www.freebase.com/m/0nlj43f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0nmqg90	what was the original version of tokyo titled
www.freebase.com/m/025rst1	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/02ppt15	what events happened at mecklenburg county?
www.freebase.com/m/0c7phlk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does ben batt as a career 
www.freebase.com/m/0g6kz2	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	which league does wally o'connell play
www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/06kt1h	What is a film about aviation?
www.freebase.com/m/035x4bh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lblz1g	what track came off of sundissential: the album!
www.freebase.com/m/0h291r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	what type of program is tv patrol southern mindanao?
www.freebase.com/m/07xg9v	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0k049	Where was edelbrock founded
www.freebase.com/m/0lvz0pn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0pwhyl	Name a track released by i shall be released
www.freebase.com/m/09yr_b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	what was ana cristina cesar's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/0gx0gf	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/subsidiary_or_constituent_schools	www.freebase.com/m/02m0vy	what is a constituent school of the vermont state colleges
www.freebase.com/m/06p0wkf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the gardener made in?
www.freebase.com/m/048_vtb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is lake ka-ho in
www.freebase.com/m/0ddbw5v	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is enele sopoaga know for 
www.freebase.com/m/0nn153b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f5c6h	which artist recorded a version of the song always
www.freebase.com/m/036crgd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zhxbl	which songs were in the album no mean city?
www.freebase.com/m/05yh2g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is john lempri√®re most known for
www.freebase.com/m/0829fk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0459q4	What language is the tv program War of the Genders made in?
www.freebase.com/m/04yf_	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01jm9j	where does the mississippi river begin
www.freebase.com/m/0fw6p1k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j917r	what was new orleans released on
www.freebase.com/m/01rv8dj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What album type was the best of ian dury
www.freebase.com/m/018p6z	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country is saga prefecture located 
www.freebase.com/m/03f4kyr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8qhx9	What's a song written by guerilla wrench
www.freebase.com/m/073kgs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/07m80	What television program did producer Kenneth Johnson create?
www.freebase.com/m/0crwwvn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What language is deserted seas available in
www.freebase.com/m/03m95f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is betico croes?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhf2ds	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was i missed us released
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y1003	What's an asteroid in he asteroid belt
www.freebase.com/m/04ssw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of marcel achard
www.freebase.com/m/0gtv7hy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/066d03	What is the genre of the album desiderium ep
www.freebase.com/m/01tpjyt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	where is bill keith from?
www.freebase.com/m/0102jw	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mrhq	Where is el lago
www.freebase.com/m/02j4xl	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does germain of paris practice?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwvbnc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mt3qsd	what is a track from believe album
www.freebase.com/m/07ly82y	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07ly84w	which midwestern city was featured in anthony bourdain: no reservations - season 5?
www.freebase.com/m/02l8jr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	What type of artist is lloyd maines?
www.freebase.com/m/03j7bsk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m1jj9c	what is a track off aint that enough (disc 2)
www.freebase.com/m/02hm6dk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	who was the publisher for keyboardmania
www.freebase.com/m/0dn1h9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What kind of music is getz/gilberto vol. 2 classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03crl79	Name a politician.
www.freebase.com/m/01vrwfv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jfwbf	Name a live album by chicago.
www.freebase.com/m/06pd2lk	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what does andres berumen do
www.freebase.com/m/0fzyp4x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ftssx4	What is a track that features Nicki Minaj, on the Christina Aguilera album bionic?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqx7rg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/04s_wx	who composed arma-goddamn-motherfuckin-geddon
www.freebase.com/m/0hv49	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zl6vt8	Name a composition by count basie
www.freebase.com/m/03h64	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03cxylj	what movie title is classified as a netflix  hong kong genre
www.freebase.com/m/02rntrd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016fly	What profession does Leonard Nathan have?
www.freebase.com/m/09k7pgm	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What was allie long's position
www.freebase.com/m/0fyqn_z	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre is hanging on by a thread
www.freebase.com/m/07kp0nk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/047d4bz	what kind of series is june 17, 2009?
www.freebase.com/m/05szv_c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is michael phillips's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0gmb47s	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of musical composition is petra haden and bill frisell
www.freebase.com/m/0g9gd8_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	What city did ernest jay die in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g2ygxc	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what formatting does chet atkins picks on the beatles have
www.freebase.com/m/0kdblvs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	which european nation does luc lutz belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/05h2d6d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What type of film is bandits?
www.freebase.com/m/02wl3pm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05dt262	what is an episode written by todd j. greenwald
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtn92	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of clinimix
www.freebase.com/m/02dczh	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/countries_spoken_in	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what language is spoken in maithili language 
www.freebase.com/m/013gbzq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01s7bjy	who was the producer for blind elevator girl / osaka
www.freebase.com/m/07cgytk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	what netflix genre included dress my nest?
www.freebase.com/m/0519c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01n3bm	What was the cause of death of morihei ueshiba
www.freebase.com/m/08mdg3	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0194x	which periods was giovanni angelo canini associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0kyvy3	What is  a notable album from the heavy metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/04gq5nz	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which position does kosuke nakamachi currently play?
www.freebase.com/m/0tv9f19	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0gdbx62	What's recording is the release track cambodia from
www.freebase.com/m/0r8brl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01vsl3_	who produced dont be scared
www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/042cdz	what is a jazz fusion artist?
www.freebase.com/m/02qs2b9	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	what kind of game is gekisou sentai carranger: zenkai! racer senshi?
www.freebase.com/m/03f6nb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/067ysn	Who is an artist that is from the cameo-parkway records record label
www.freebase.com/m/07nw1q8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	what is the nationality of marc van warmerdam?
www.freebase.com/m/0cy92p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Which city was frederick corder in when he died
www.freebase.com/m/05v8h8h	www.freebase.com/radio/radio_program/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d063v	what subject is discussed in what if winter never comes?
www.freebase.com/m/0mqslh2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fv15_v	what album did the release champion come from
www.freebase.com/m/0blbx	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/06pyx8	Name someone who was interred at glasnevin cemetery
www.freebase.com/m/080mzg4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is verza
www.freebase.com/m/082llg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in  shelley (tv series)
www.freebase.com/m/098bx4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was spoken in separate ways (worlds apart)
www.freebase.com/m/01cf6w	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02w1b8	what industry is bae systems a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02rgtzp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01mhly	where did ahiman louis miner pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/01r4zp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	where was the princess ludovika of bavaria born
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06s66jy	Who was a pitcher
www.freebase.com/m/0cry2rp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is death and taxis in 
www.freebase.com/m/04162gj	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_team/division	www.freebase.com/m/031fsz	what division does navy midshipmen men's basketball play for
www.freebase.com/m/010y4x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mlh0	What county is bath (berkeley springs), west virginia located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wbng	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is not only but always from
www.freebase.com/m/0xn5dj9	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what is a higher classification of a toy poodle
www.freebase.com/m/0zkvjqh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01pdp4	Who composed the darkest star
www.freebase.com/m/04j53k	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is marvel boy
www.freebase.com/m/030ytzy	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region is the st. elsewhere release from
www.freebase.com/m/02h6pbt	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specializations	www.freebase.com/m/03xks	What does an insurer specialize in?
www.freebase.com/m/02pwhq3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What gameplay mode is every extend extra extreme
www.freebase.com/m/0pcqwwb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/05sy2k_	The episode "Catch me if you can" is from which show? 
www.freebase.com/m/096rvd	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/06zf4cd	who was the writer for the film  the promise
www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/03c_nbv	Name a Dallas governmental building that is the style of romanesque architecture
www.freebase.com/m/0cjqnf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where was john cullen nugent born
www.freebase.com/m/05zx2fg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what type of music is van she?
www.freebase.com/m/0ghkrc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	knights of the temple: infernal crusade would best be described as this genre of video game.
www.freebase.com/m/042v_gx	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03f0lck	Who is a notable acoustic guitarist?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhm29k	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	mercury and solace was released in what form?
www.freebase.com/m/04gh4gh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/010xgb	what is the location of fairmont senior high school?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgmx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mvjtt	what is an album recorded by boston pops orchestra 
www.freebase.com/m/0rhg5	www.freebase.com/base/ndbcd/buoy/region	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	which state contains panama city beach, florida
www.freebase.com/m/059bbgm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03c31	what is apple pro training series about 
www.freebase.com/m/0fp_zh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06_0j_	Where was jefferson f. long born
www.freebase.com/m/07z5n	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0y4d_8v	what time zone is vanuatu apart of
www.freebase.com/m/03_87	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v1808	what book edition was  james joyce the author of
www.freebase.com/m/059g1t	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what type of educational institution was western brown high school
www.freebase.com/m/0skzx2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dysvzy	Which release was politician on?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bm9dw5	What is the name of a horror movie on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01w0r3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0qzhw	where is the artist mr. bungle from
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g6dtym	what could be an electronic music album
www.freebase.com/m/01rygyc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	is thebedroomphilosopher folk music or classical
www.freebase.com/m/04w39vz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	What is the subject of rome, 1630
www.freebase.com/m/0fvyz	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/04ykz	what is a attractions in bismarck
www.freebase.com/m/01qzl2	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/04n0p	which writing system is the sunda language under?
www.freebase.com/m/06w19tw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what language is spoken in the film pirogov
www.freebase.com/m/0fggdv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0104lr	where was dick haynes born
www.freebase.com/m/053h15n	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does cafuringa play in football?
www.freebase.com/m/019kbz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/019kf_	what was contained in crewe and nantwich
www.freebase.com/m/0b67s_	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/02z0qgs	what is the adapted work of 9 called
www.freebase.com/m/02pj15	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/028_l3	who has robin hobb influenced?
www.freebase.com/m/04yh4s	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	what company released the game castlevania iii
www.freebase.com/m/0j2n6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/subsidiary_or_constituent_schools	www.freebase.com/m/08rg10	what medical school was formed as a partnership with the university of brighton
www.freebase.com/m/02rd2my	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What genre of film is the star boarder
www.freebase.com/m/0dp_bpq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03vtny	which artist sang the song sleep dont weep
www.freebase.com/m/05b3tm1	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does anthony lozano play?
www.freebase.com/m/0ndn6j8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is Ana Victoria's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03yk0x7	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/bridge_type	www.freebase.com/m/01v4lt	what kind of bridge is perth bridge
www.freebase.com/m/06rp6c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does aterciopelados make 
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hr4g95	what is the name of the French-Italian action film from 1962
www.freebase.com/m/0394b25	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ljjd5	what is the release track on merry christmas
www.freebase.com/m/0shh5f4	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was urban released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0b75dz2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07ymh5	which musician creates lustdriven
www.freebase.com/m/0c1ybt1	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/08hy5kb	what is an edition from the book jane austen?
www.freebase.com/m/033frk0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lxkd1	what is a track of the notorious kim
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/051qyy	what is a drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/0bw3zf	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/026l9_	Who wrote the story for art school confidential?
www.freebase.com/m/0523v3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/05jz0g	who is the designer of jak 3?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048yyqs	Which united states town is located in Iowa?
www.freebase.com/m/07s617j	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05s7nl	What is Larry Blamire's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05bkwdv	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cb6tn	whats the name of a street located in south beach
www.freebase.com/m/0dr81h1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dx1d8p	what are some names of tracks listed in the gold: 20 super hits release?
www.freebase.com/m/0bzyh	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/083d29	What film did robert altman write?
www.freebase.com/m/0ngzb	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0wl_9	Which city is located in wabasha county, minnesota?
www.freebase.com/m/03ttzd	www.freebase.com/astronomy/extraterrestrial_location/type_of_planetographic_feature	www.freebase.com/m/01wr8	What type of crater is herodotus
www.freebase.com/m/06hf7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02y5kn	What is graham rix's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02r207l	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/prequel	www.freebase.com/m/072stf	What is the prequel to condemned 2: bloodshot?
www.freebase.com/m/017g23p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0g7d46w	what is the original version of amsterdam
www.freebase.com/m/0v1fc87	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was gold fever portrayed in
www.freebase.com/m/01krc1f	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the original delta blues
www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hwv_z	What is the name of a language in the austronesian languages family
www.freebase.com/m/0dr_4	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/04_1nk	who did the film production design of titanic (1997 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0fkbv_r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mm63n_	What's a song featured on street sweeper social club
www.freebase.com/m/04w7t52	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what type of work is johnson and boswell in?
www.freebase.com/m/049k9nr	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was notte prima degli esami (disc 1) released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0zk0mbv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is astro man in
www.freebase.com/m/06gy0j	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026mg_b	who was born in udora, ontario
www.freebase.com/m/04jdcsl	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of program is good-time girl
www.freebase.com/m/0hhxm53	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is Kennerly Kitt?
www.freebase.com/m/047pjpq	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	what type of school is pdm polytechnic?
www.freebase.com/m/0jdk_	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/events	www.freebase.com/m/04fk2hx	What is an event that took place at the 2000 summer olympics?
www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	www.freebase.com/sports/sport_country/multi_event_tournaments_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0bg_c_	Which multi event tournament has argentina competed in
www.freebase.com/m/01hpf6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/02wv955	what game is published by snk playmore
www.freebase.com/m/0f46sb3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mf_swc	What's a track from total pop! the first 40 hits
www.freebase.com/m/06qgjh	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05msk49	what is the film directed by james hong
www.freebase.com/m/02j62	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w7g5b	What is the name of a book from the economics genre
www.freebase.com/m/0fc6m5z	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the rest of the best of hot chocolate?
www.freebase.com/m/0lg5vpg	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/08zpzz	Name a child of jos√© manuel villa
www.freebase.com/m/03g765	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what sort of book is the amazing adventures of kavalier & clay
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/046w8k	which guitarist died from myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/04gm71x	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	what position does gary wilson play 
www.freebase.com/m/01kjjqg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the spine
www.freebase.com/m/08nz4v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	where did michael glenny spend his last day among the living
www.freebase.com/m/0gdkc88	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where in italy was nicoletta elmi born
www.freebase.com/m/02rwqbf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0m61	what is the topic of the politics of anti-semitism
www.freebase.com/m/03d1kl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/05p2d	what is the original language of finnesburg fragment
www.freebase.com/m/09gb_0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what genre is the skeleton dance
www.freebase.com/m/0wcg4yr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k049	where in california did james starbuck pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/01z9w2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0xnw0zn	What's an episode that john madden directed
www.freebase.com/m/0dp5mj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/079fgp	What author wrote letter to a christian nation
www.freebase.com/m/03gvsvn	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dm9y2_	Name an artist signed to pias recordings
www.freebase.com/m/07sbmyv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which position in football is played by shay revivo
www.freebase.com/m/0275sjj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what film genre is the astounding she-monster?
www.freebase.com/m/02ppkgd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is the player mode for turok: battle of the bionosaurs 
www.freebase.com/m/038wwf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is kenai fjords national park located in
www.freebase.com/m/0516xl	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01_0y	Name a city in Corinthia.
www.freebase.com/m/0c1kyw1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is the film rossini! rossini! from
www.freebase.com/m/038_ddk	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was fullmetal alchemist original soundtrack 1 released in\\
www.freebase.com/m/05m9d6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what are martin luther college's school colors
www.freebase.com/m/0dz_722	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs4ff	what artist recorded shine on you crazy diamond?
www.freebase.com/m/078bn8	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0611cf	who founded fugue state press
www.freebase.com/m/07wvcb	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/09lc9	What is the organism rank of ariocarpus
www.freebase.com/m/01cmp9	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0w4vd4w	what is the rating for chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/027mpxy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what style of music does lara saint paul perform
www.freebase.com/m/0h4shlt	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is  chen hung-i
www.freebase.com/m/0mqbf	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the administrative division of rockwall county, texas
www.freebase.com/m/03cm0q	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02d__3	who is  the parent of cate edwards
www.freebase.com/m/04t2k7c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06l3bl	What's a topic dealt with in redeeming the lost
www.freebase.com/m/01dq9q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	eurythmics is classified as what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/04hvkv2	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0wxp	What's a platform that karate champ can be played on
www.freebase.com/m/0gbm9hg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form was the composition  colloque sentimental
www.freebase.com/m/05sqbxl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country released the movie the north road
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt3m2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	through which route is the drug sodium chloride administered
www.freebase.com/m/04v212x	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what kind of binding is the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism 
www.freebase.com/m/04b7h5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hwxm	Which genre of book is the source?
www.freebase.com/m/023dyq4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/07mm_r	what song is from  the tracks of my tears
www.freebase.com/m/04n6nsl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Which city in Europe was michel lang born in
www.freebase.com/m/0p3_y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/024qqx	what genre film is die hard?
www.freebase.com/m/04y9wfy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of clancy cooper
www.freebase.com/m/0847m1	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03d0_qw	Who directed the film infamous (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0byc7m	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03fpx	which genre of music is the album napalm death/s.o.b. split 7
www.freebase.com/m/0fq04vr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09rdh	what is thomas helmore place of birth 
www.freebase.com/m/0337c5x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n6bss3	what tracks are on alter?
www.freebase.com/m/0x2bf2p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01k4f	where was regine lutz born
www.freebase.com/m/02ny8t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ng132	What is the name of a teen pop album
www.freebase.com/m/0kjhyh8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/01lvwdx	what is a release of alexandria
www.freebase.com/m/06_j055	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ftvg	where is fletcher house
www.freebase.com/m/0165qp	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02sddw	Who is someone of the minangkabau people?
www.freebase.com/m/05l1rk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs40y	What drug is clotrimazole an active ingredient?
www.freebase.com/m/0zvxldg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is jihyuk male or female
www.freebase.com/m/037yl3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	which country locates belvedere, vienna
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03d3_2w	what colleges are in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/02rprm	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	what is the specialization of a penciller?
www.freebase.com/m/02395j	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05kyr	What empire took part in the first battle of the stronghold
www.freebase.com/m/0mp3l	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07zvl0h	who is an author born in charlottesville, virginia
www.freebase.com/m/08z4g9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what netflix genre is woman thou art loosed
www.freebase.com/m/0gknjm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What genre of film is evil ed
www.freebase.com/m/0h2tmp	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01795t	which production company opened the the opry house
www.freebase.com/m/02p2sm4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05kq4	what is the commodore about
www.freebase.com/m/0332j6	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0d9jr	where is the seattle art museum
www.freebase.com/m/0zj9hlx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01s1r9d	Who composed pathetic?
www.freebase.com/m/02qbjnd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country did skylark originate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fbp6n	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was the snapper shot
www.freebase.com/m/0krycn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_h1m	In what city was Dick Hoak born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dj75	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/01_545	what louisiana meal uses an onion?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q23s	what is an animation film?
www.freebase.com/m/01s0fzw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6vbpw	what song is by vex'd
www.freebase.com/m/0h21x	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/015kp7	what kind of geological structure is mount ruapehu
www.freebase.com/m/0h3m42d	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/038_5c	Who discovered (17490) 1991 uc3?
www.freebase.com/m/08w9dg	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xpn_j	what is a work by julie garwood
www.freebase.com/m/038_4_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomer/astronomical_objects_discovered	www.freebase.com/m/0c022_0	what did seiji ueda discover?
www.freebase.com/m/03mc0zj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Name the nationality of artie bernstein 
www.freebase.com/m/0crwxd5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin for the film voices of concord jazz: live at montreux?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_0nd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What is the genre of the film this so-called disaster
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03qgm25	what object is an asteroid?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtcx2v	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	which kind of album was  catlog strays 1965-2000 (disc 2)
www.freebase.com/m/0hhkxsg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what nationality is amar mullick 
www.freebase.com/m/06w40bn	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is the official color of california college san diego?
www.freebase.com/m/049hfr5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is used in anemia
www.freebase.com/m/0m8dk	www.freebase.com/internet/website_category/sites	www.freebase.com/m/0y4f7_v	what is a site about the lgbt community
www.freebase.com/m/0_69zll	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/08g91h	Who composed all i want?
www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/06_h6tt	what is a building that has colonial revival architecture 
www.freebase.com/m/0h32rng	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02znsf	who is the parent of liam stewart?
www.freebase.com/m/026mxc5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What gameplay mode does darkness falls have?
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kn22s	What would be a pop rock album
www.freebase.com/m/04gmtjc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is kahlil ashanti from
www.freebase.com/m/0fxzqr7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fxzqqk	What album is ethiopia a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0llzbz8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03859hj	The track up all night is from what release
www.freebase.com/m/0bv883y	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is amandla released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cy9lp	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is ben arous in?
www.freebase.com/m/08gy8z	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0919ff	Name a video game developed under acclaim studios austin
www.freebase.com/m/04pqn7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m1xv	what kind of show is the dick cavett show
www.freebase.com/m/03ydd0j	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/05b_61x	Who published the game barnyard blast: swine of the night?
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0251j3	what book focused on england
www.freebase.com/m/016fh0x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kzmtf6	what song is on the recording rocky mountains
www.freebase.com/m/0ndhztw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is Wilma Pastrana?
www.freebase.com/m/04b77mf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n3vz	what county is chapanoke in
www.freebase.com/m/01w272y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g5zhg2	what song was recorded by raphael saadiq
www.freebase.com/m/05mxvmn	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02k4l6	which game played a major influence on gorgon
www.freebase.com/m/081qc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8jmc	What's a book involved with wine
www.freebase.com/m/048t2j7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	which state in the united states is daisy lake in
www.freebase.com/m/0cs8mlk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0215n	what genre is the film the underdog chronicles
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0f974j	What is a title under the netflix genre horror?
www.freebase.com/m/01hgzvk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is 16 most requested songs?
www.freebase.com/m/0lphb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0b2l7d	who was born in birmingham?
www.freebase.com/m/0ft9g1s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hprzx3	Who recorded poison
www.freebase.com/m/025skd6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_organization/members	www.freebase.com/m/04msx7	Who's a member of the teen titans
www.freebase.com/m/08ytp6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtw2n	which drug is glyoxal an active ingredient in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03qk6tx	Name an actor born in Toronto?
www.freebase.com/m/0h688gr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/048jty	Where was fernando maestro born
www.freebase.com/m/031lmg5	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was surf legends and rumors 1961-1964 released as
www.freebase.com/m/01mqnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/026kc8z	whats an album by three 6 mafia
www.freebase.com/m/0brjnd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What genre of film is i saw what you did?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrvmc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is black oak administered?
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09h6pm	What is the name of an engineering college in India?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxf0z	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/05qkp	what country speaks the medebur language
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bf8gj8	What's an album released by def leppard
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnlqv	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/042p21	who manufactured duricef 1 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0lpkpdm	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0hgqq	who is one of john milton cage, sr.'s children
www.freebase.com/m/027v7cc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what kind of music is second album
www.freebase.com/m/01rn4d	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01yrx	what is the higher classification of korat
www.freebase.com/m/0ggycd	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/046kdy	who was the writer of the movie bloodlust!
www.freebase.com/m/05bcy0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qky9	Who published the videogame the manhole
www.freebase.com/m/08fq35	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/philosopher/era	www.freebase.com/m/03dfth	Which era was the takis fotopoulos from
www.freebase.com/m/0crcp68	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/01jz5p	what is a show that michael j. weithorn is known for
www.freebase.com/m/07zbsm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where is John Amabile from?
www.freebase.com/m/09w0fw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vswx5	Who composed bad
www.freebase.com/m/01tykdb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03jjdvy	what album did solar system release 
www.freebase.com/m/0ftdgh	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/09p6b93	Which game version did hands-on mobile publish
www.freebase.com/m/04gj8sq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	which language was pandorum made in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqz3g_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_class/drugs	www.freebase.com/m/01_7l	what's a drug that acts as a central nervous system stimulant
www.freebase.com/m/01mrwr1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	which state did the hinsons originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0fs8kvk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g825yy	which album contains the song philadelphia
www.freebase.com/m/0459j5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/021npd	Where is university of hull scarborough campus located?
www.freebase.com/m/03qq_vw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03r9gd	Who is the artist that created living: you should limit the number of times...
www.freebase.com/m/06sdmf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/013g3	where did ibn jubayr die?
www.freebase.com/m/03yw5gx	www.freebase.com/type/type/instance	www.freebase.com/m/0250zy	What's a type of vegetable?
www.freebase.com/m/076tfr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02pjxr	What is albrecht becker's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtn8	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0h5wtyy	what make is the model volkswagen k√ºbelwagen
www.freebase.com/m/0qth3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is mccaskill located in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqspf6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is rough pigweed administered
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5sv1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03x7hd	which netflix title is in the genre movies/tv for ages 5 to 7
www.freebase.com/m/0ch2v5	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/01nmb1	What is an island located in the malaysia standard time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/070b4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08s6r6	What genre is sonic youth?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhbr	www.freebase.com/architecture/type_of_museum/museums	www.freebase.com/m/0c4qq_	What is the name of an art gallery?
www.freebase.com/m/01w2w0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/0kh6b	Who created the show life on earth
www.freebase.com/m/080fm75	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d6yv	where was edmund willard born
www.freebase.com/m/04c05pf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07srw	What state is east meadow in 
www.freebase.com/m/02qv7ng	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05snw	jook walraven is famous for what profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02nf2c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what tv genre is barney miller 
www.freebase.com/m/098qzh	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k2fdg	who wrote the story for the movie reefer madness
www.freebase.com/m/0mxnkfm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g25hw9	what is the album name from which the title track monster comes
www.freebase.com/m/0dqbw6_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/07mm_r	what song is on the recording the tracks of my tears (live)
www.freebase.com/m/01r273v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	What genre of music does jimmy edgar produce
www.freebase.com/m/06jbp8	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0kc4gzk	What is a piece that maya kulenovic created?
www.freebase.com/m/0sz5l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the location, peosta, contained by?
www.freebase.com/m/0kw2rkg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0s7qvy	what album is ireland on
www.freebase.com/m/02r1hk0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what kind of music does nick katzman perform
www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/06zh_g	what's an album that features a lot of glam metal
www.freebase.com/m/055szy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w_t09j	what is located in santa catalina mountains
www.freebase.com/m/01_rx2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is  charles wilson (texas politician) male or female
www.freebase.com/m/048ntyk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	Which state is sabre city located in
www.freebase.com/m/04t0gf3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02r9zvy	who is the author of the priest
www.freebase.com/m/04j2q7t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what was the netflix genre of the title blood crime
www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05qq97	Name a book about the military.
www.freebase.com/m/0hpf7h4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	which country is gina varela from
www.freebase.com/m/084kf	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0jvjz	What county is waterloo in
www.freebase.com/m/0gg2887	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What type of characeter is daniel?
www.freebase.com/m/0frj8kp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05z3h3	Who recorded soldier?
www.freebase.com/m/064jpq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r3tq	Where did noble willingham die?
www.freebase.com/m/0tm6gtj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02sj1x	What musician released leave her to heaven / take care of my little girl
www.freebase.com/m/0fvr1	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04wnsb	who was the director of donnie darko
www.freebase.com/m/01z6r6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0c1p83h	what are the artworks of benjamin west
www.freebase.com/m/025_t07	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	Is george and rue fiction or non fiction
www.freebase.com/m/02bh9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m4qk7	who is the composer of danny elfman
www.freebase.com/m/08t1gd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	what is the nationality of  israel idonije
www.freebase.com/m/013zcn	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/capital	www.freebase.com/m/013zdv	What's the capital of hamelin-pyrmont
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/076yrw3	what is a game with the gameplay mode of single-player
www.freebase.com/m/02wcl3s	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/04tm2	Which region did the national liberation war of macedonia take place in
www.freebase.com/m/0137hn	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/030c52r	what releases has robin gibb produced
www.freebase.com/m/0crwc0n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	where was david armstrong born
www.freebase.com/m/07qbtg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what was the reason for  buddy childers death
www.freebase.com/m/02hlg04	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Which company published the simpsons road rage
www.freebase.com/m/0fw8c_4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mrmm3j	which track contains the magic collection
www.freebase.com/m/04t4tky	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what is the genre classification of vossoff and nimmitz
www.freebase.com/m/039wng	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is Brendan Shanahan's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w772r	what is a suspense book?
www.freebase.com/m/05zztm0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	what kind of film is the swinging cheerleaders
www.freebase.com/m/013p70	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/01zstq	what musical composition was written by henri auguste barbier
www.freebase.com/m/0vsjlvt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what genre is the film  tuning the instruments
www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03pz3t	what's a music school in china
www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0242_w	which battles were fought during world war i
www.freebase.com/m/0fhbnc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0161c2	Who wrote the lyrics for dont tell me
www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0d4_6k	which player is a defenceman (ice hockey)
www.freebase.com/m/0gvrhcg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where did tyler perrys for better or worse originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs4czc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What genre is manhattan gigolo in on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/077l2gj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language was spoken in black cat
www.freebase.com/m/03ppz2	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	which religion does john mclaughlin practice?
www.freebase.com/m/02ql97	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/01_60w	What city is the bow river in?
www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02k2kw	what artist is with universal music group?
www.freebase.com/m/05y0lr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	What continent is lovat river located in?
www.freebase.com/m/09w6v5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	What was the genre of the film the insect woman?
www.freebase.com/m/02qscjg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What is the genre of the tv program  ko one
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/06dbk8	who is a woman of african american ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0jf__	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/025rz0z	which supreme court was named after earl warren
www.freebase.com/m/0260mlg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is dilly braimoh's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/06q699	whats the title of a  racing game
www.freebase.com/m/05ts_n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0bpryk	Where was gis√®le halimi born
www.freebase.com/m/0ftjx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cm9q2k	who was born in sofia
www.freebase.com/m/0gdkn8l	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is Dwarka Khosla's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0p7b40t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of movie is the craftsman
www.freebase.com/m/02r83kl	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	What position does sam crane play?
www.freebase.com/m/03jmjk4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	whats the genre of the album east side story
www.freebase.com/m/0h3tn9	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018w8	what is the main subject of the film sunset park?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_jp59	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is he she we?
www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw_dl	what is a political drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlrvv	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is zicam 2/1 orally disintegrating tablet
www.freebase.com/m/05zwqd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is martin edwards' country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0f186x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is unconquerable nation written about
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crvbz9	what is a film directed by stephen sepher
www.freebase.com/m/0hjy	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t34d_	What is the name of a book based in alaska?
www.freebase.com/m/04__g01	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	is sara nesteruk a notable film director or veterinarian 
www.freebase.com/m/03x__jp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the type of release lovers, friends and strangers had?
www.freebase.com/m/027j9jd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is animal crackers (tv series) in?
www.freebase.com/m/05h46xw	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is minoru
www.freebase.com/m/0gj9n5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which european country is cene in
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0521v2	Who is an artist that makes soul music?
www.freebase.com/m/03h5b65	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What genre of music does chris walker make
www.freebase.com/m/0p828	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0708lx	what is a church in frankfurt (oder)
www.freebase.com/m/02glyn	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architecture_firm	www.freebase.com/m/088jfb	what is an architecture firm that made chateau laurier
www.freebase.com/m/039745l	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What medium was vous √ätes ici !! released on
www.freebase.com/m/02q366k	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does footballer danny blanchett play?
www.freebase.com/m/0rd55	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is easton within
www.freebase.com/m/048t_2	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/01h2kg	what company is part of the electronic health record industry 
www.freebase.com/m/0f07g5v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j9ycm	what release came from new orleans
www.freebase.com/m/02qjpv5	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/047vnkj	What is the name of a film produced by mark gordon
www.freebase.com/m/0c9t76	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	how did ken kaess die
www.freebase.com/m/0vzr6x7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01mpq7s	who wrote the lyrics to poison?
www.freebase.com/m/05n03fv	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0g8m3gf	what fictional character did erin hunter create
www.freebase.com/m/0bzmx3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city did leo castelli die
www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wgc8r	what is an example of a science book
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02p5yxh	what artist does psychedelic rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/0h39ncm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What is Lyndon Baldock best known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0ck1d	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03nvw78	what's a town in the aquitaine region of france
www.freebase.com/m/0crrjvp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what is the netflix genre that houses bach: die motetten
www.freebase.com/m/0h3b2hd	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/09pl3s	Who's the executive producer on locke & key
www.freebase.com/m/082vt_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0293w5	What is the place of birth of john harris,
www.freebase.com/m/0n8kg	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/0c3w8	which organization is a part of criticisms of globalization
www.freebase.com/m/02vr7	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zm6qdj	what is the song by elvis costello?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_t6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/036qs_	who is the producer of hard luck
www.freebase.com/m/0gqx1f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is ballao located at?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crxtkv	Name a netflix documentary about elvis
www.freebase.com/m/0fg5rl4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is let's get it: thug motivation 101?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtfh7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the drug category of benzalkonium chloride 0.0013 lotion
www.freebase.com/m/0d1z82	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in family business
www.freebase.com/m/04hynj	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mxnvc	what is the name if an English singer-songwriter promoted by jet records
www.freebase.com/m/0g7q8z2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What type of recording was  mobile
www.freebase.com/m/05zrrt3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/parent_institution	www.freebase.com/m/02bjh4	What's the parent institute of boonshoft school of medicine
www.freebase.com/m/08lz5c	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what asteroid group is 656 beagle a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/base/jewishcommunities/jewish_community/synagogues	www.freebase.com/m/0gvr2_x	what synagogue is located in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w98r8	What is a written work about london?
www.freebase.com/m/05kfs	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0f1cns	What film was directed by oliver stone in 1981?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmswg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is ellen feld a notable example of?
www.freebase.com/m/01bg5t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsy2t	What is one of the drug formulation where echinacea is used? 
www.freebase.com/m/0g9p3j	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03n7dn	who recorded show up! 
www.freebase.com/m/01xp01	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/026l40	what event took place at longyearbyen
www.freebase.com/m/05n1hzb	www.freebase.com/base/cocktails/cocktail_garnish/cocktails_with_this_garnish	www.freebase.com/m/015b1y	what cocktail uses pineapple juice?
www.freebase.com/m/0g04tfd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tl7kk	who recorded the song copenhagen
www.freebase.com/m/0409chd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is voyager?
www.freebase.com/m/01gjw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09rx54r	which 1969 albums were released as a ballad?
www.freebase.com/m/03typy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22yh	the netflix title  windtalkers is classified as what type of film genre
www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0fq2s_1	Name an emigrant ancestor of the Perley family that died of natural causes 
www.freebase.com/m/02b15x	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljsc	What kind of team is the kidderminster harriers f.c.
www.freebase.com/m/0vfwf	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nj83	which county is roosevelt park located in
www.freebase.com/m/049l6jd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dxmc2l	what is the release track on knock on wood
www.freebase.com/m/025y807	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	A musical group member  bappa mazumder  plays what instrument
www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/pertinent_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzjm2f	what is the administrative area of wales?
www.freebase.com/m/05mv9m7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	which country is ira university in
www.freebase.com/m/0g4mdm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre is missing witnesses
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0wj4zb4	What is a live album released in New York
www.freebase.com/m/01bn49	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0137n0	who is the musician that created red headed stranger
www.freebase.com/m/09gkhp1	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what soccer position does allison lipsher play
www.freebase.com/m/0_jn1b0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the composition set it off
www.freebase.com/m/05yy1y	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/059n4j	What is Mycetoma's parent disease?
www.freebase.com/m/0y97bt9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	What is charlotte?
www.freebase.com/m/02tk7z	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	in which nutritional regime is milk thistle used
www.freebase.com/m/07jr4p	www.freebase.com/film/film_casting_director/films_casting_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0kv8_w	what film did mary jo slater do the casting for 
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0zglw5p	What's an adventure film released in 2011
www.freebase.com/m/0bx9y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0499dgd	Where is montgomery county located
www.freebase.com/m/03jb1ww	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m29fx0	what is a song featured on smoke in chinatown
www.freebase.com/m/04q1zk_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	Which country created the film kvinnan bakom allt
www.freebase.com/m/018qb4	www.freebase.com/user/jg/default_domain/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/06gxk	Which sport took place in the 1908 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/056yz3l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is mykola shmatko male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0gp6zm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/049yf	What island is ≈åmura a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/08wkl_4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What religion does simon rawidowicz practice?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkhms	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is minerbio in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rws1s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is herman fowlkes, jr. from 
www.freebase.com/m/0w9yzqq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cm5m	where on earth did walter jellinek die
www.freebase.com/m/07s8xtc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvh5	what genre of tv show is land girls in?
www.freebase.com/m/01jjtgj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is √ìpera do malandro?
www.freebase.com/m/0gn8v5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0127jb	What genre of book is the kingdom of this world
www.freebase.com/m/0bntpyb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is the revolver
www.freebase.com/m/0t_k4yy	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What was Doughty's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/06z_lt5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l3n4	which county is the hans herr house in
www.freebase.com/m/02rr0k	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03r6_w	Name a film written by jean shepherd
www.freebase.com/m/0vxpdh5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Jake Ryan's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05pctz_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0q04f	What was joseph a. mcphillips iii's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq229b	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/096rvd	name a netflix foreign title 
www.freebase.com/m/0dmgnss	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037jls8	what are releases from sme records?
www.freebase.com/m/0y7q89y	www.freebase.com/internet/website/category	www.freebase.com/m/06h0c8	what category is the website clowdy
www.freebase.com/m/02rn_bj	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0l14md	which instrument is played by chrisseefried
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/047rlf9	Name a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qh3pr	Name a speculative fiction book. 
www.freebase.com/m/0415wvx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	What kind of a movie is picture this
www.freebase.com/m/0h3w8zt	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/06k9l7	What is a hub for air canada express
www.freebase.com/m/03bt1vf	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/06s9by	what book is about woman?
www.freebase.com/m/0d2by	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02pq9c8	Name a deceased chinese american businessman?
www.freebase.com/m/046h_z	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0fgpvf	What part did tracy chevalier play
www.freebase.com/m/0krv4n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	what country is tadeusz ho≈Ç√≥wko from
www.freebase.com/m/073dmy	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	what is uttam kumar's religion
www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0gbj6bd	What is the name of one album released in 2011 under mercury records?
www.freebase.com/m/099j0b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04cjn	in what city did nisar bazmi die
www.freebase.com/m/0y7yvxt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04lh6	which city was jake abraham born in 
www.freebase.com/m/04wh_42	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what kind of book is visual of a diary
www.freebase.com/m/0sydc	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0l8sx	what are some examples of a broadcasting company?
www.freebase.com/m/0jskj	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02w670	who wrote the music for gun crazy 
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03c9389	Name a Brazilian football player who plays defender position?
www.freebase.com/m/05jv25	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	What religion is practiced at yonghe temple?
www.freebase.com/m/03vl_5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0k33p	The group scorn originated in what city
www.freebase.com/m/0vsjqkq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02g3mn	This artist was a composer for the song a little party never killed nobody (all we got)
www.freebase.com/m/01l4km0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09jw2	what kind of music does the band scott fitzgerald play?
www.freebase.com/m/05p5h16	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	American actor francis de sales is of what gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05pxc0b	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/03bkkv	Name a book that the character Lavender Brown appears in.
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05n543z	what is a 2007 mystery film 
www.freebase.com/m/04t3777	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what was written in my nine lives
www.freebase.com/m/03lgjgh	www.freebase.com/architecture/type_of_museum/museums	www.freebase.com/m/04q399q	Name a natural history museum in San Antonio, Texas.
www.freebase.com/m/0tfpw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is hurstbourne within
www.freebase.com/m/01m1_d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cww7p	Who was born in westport?
www.freebase.com/m/041fyp	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is one of the colors of the gwinnett gladiators
www.freebase.com/m/04vg19f	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	How is the book eric brighteyes bound?
www.freebase.com/m/0kc0g0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k3p	where was bertus botterman born
www.freebase.com/m/012vl8q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p45_v	Who is the artist that recorded hollywood?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_44g	What is a city within the united states
www.freebase.com/m/02qlfvq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	Where did Sophus Hansen die?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmpl2v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01r51cf	what artist recorded  earth
www.freebase.com/m/03145x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of bret schundler?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_6t6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/0260p2	who were the designers for the game purikura daisakusen?
www.freebase.com/m/03g4pjg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/036f1_	who is the album two for the early dew by
www.freebase.com/m/04wd2pf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	What's the topic of sexual correctness
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/04hdm24	What kind of food is compatible with veganism?
www.freebase.com/m/03wfh0v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what genre is sherlock holmes in new york
www.freebase.com/m/025wjff	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/grandsire	www.freebase.com/m/0830dx	who was a precisionist racehorse
www.freebase.com/m/0qtbbq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wssmc	Who is the artist that recorded habanera?
www.freebase.com/m/01f10_b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/035ynk9	Which album does the recording brazil belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cy7b4	 Name a title in the bollywood genre
www.freebase.com/m/0gc9y2v	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of nicky richards?
www.freebase.com/m/0109vk	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/03dxz4g	What is San Angelo's postal code?
www.freebase.com/m/045zb93	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0lwp8	What's the topic of national defense
www.freebase.com/m/0y5sprh	www.freebase.com/theater/play/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is the original country of vernon god little
www.freebase.com/m/0cg6tt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06wjf	which city in china is the waibaidu bridge in
www.freebase.com/m/0rslz90	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0123k_v	what is a recording of calabria?
www.freebase.com/m/0193dz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what kind of film is my foolish heart
www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02vyd01	What river is located in romania?
www.freebase.com/m/05lyx9	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t1dqm	Name a written work that author david goodis has written.
www.freebase.com/m/02r622f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What was the gender of tanburi cemil bey?
www.freebase.com/m/010_cj	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is maxville in
www.freebase.com/m/0_jkznj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/05vk77	who composed constantinople
www.freebase.com/m/0nlgj40	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v97df	which musician recorded fantasy
www.freebase.com/m/07rqj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	Which type of music do the replacements create
www.freebase.com/m/078bc4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What is the genre of the album love kraft?
www.freebase.com/m/09v9252	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in illegal?
www.freebase.com/m/04p9jm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what is the genre of music in the album peter gabriel
www.freebase.com/m/0wp_9mf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is the film ich wollte nicht t√∂ten
www.freebase.com/m/03vtfp	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04lq63	Who is one artist that is signed with v2 records?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxhp1	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02r4y1	what film is produced by michael rotenberg?
www.freebase.com/m/02rr0mk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is pat matson a woman or man
www.freebase.com/m/0_jp18f	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01cv3n	what is the composer of peace
www.freebase.com/m/0382j39	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format released achtung autobahn
www.freebase.com/m/014sh1	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	What martial art does esteban de jes√∫s specialize in
www.freebase.com/m/0_kmhsx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/09cswp	who is the composer of the composition still in your heart?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/06lb_q	which album is created by rod stewart
www.freebase.com/m/06v7zt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5tfx	what movie genre is sniper 2
www.freebase.com/m/03mf5t2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07t21	from which country is vasyl sachko from
www.freebase.com/m/03q6cx7	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01htbz	who is the artist for the artwork onion halved
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjc1x	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/02qsg_	who is the manufacturer of the drug ambien cr 6.25 coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0280zwj	www.freebase.com/interests/collection_category/sub_categories	www.freebase.com/m/0ztrc1l	what sub category is roseville pottery classified as 
www.freebase.com/m/077f7l	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/082db	who was the composer of the famous  symphony no. 29
www.freebase.com/m/03ntwlk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vgh	which musician created three light years
www.freebase.com/m/04d45dx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fcbpsm	Name a track off of the release metamorphoses of ann
www.freebase.com/m/03cq60	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	what religion practices at eiheiji
www.freebase.com/m/05j5v	www.freebase.com/base/process/process/output	www.freebase.com/m/01jlns	What kind of gas does a nitrogen fixation produce
www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/040sq45	What is the name of a microsoft windows game?
www.freebase.com/m/04dq43	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does leon fleisher play 
www.freebase.com/m/0pwf2t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is north port?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjccp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0jdk0	how did judith hoffberg die
www.freebase.com/m/04654lg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of genre is rester la m√™me
www.freebase.com/m/0bhrb6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender of diann roffe is
www.freebase.com/m/0fqxs7f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kp91s	who recorded puerto rico?
www.freebase.com/m/0982wl	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/079ws	Who created the fictional character sarge steel
www.freebase.com/m/01hg_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is Stephen Hopkins nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04xdz5f	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is promise of fidelity
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/083hhx	Name a soccer play that plays the defender position.
www.freebase.com/m/0bqscml	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jt3tjf	which country was bolot beishenaliev from
www.freebase.com/m/0sfv2w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n3bn9s	What song is a part of solstice
www.freebase.com/m/037f94s	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is hard core logo in
www.freebase.com/m/033g8n3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/015qv41	which city released beach boys' party! / stack-o-tracks
www.freebase.com/m/01tg9z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/031y2	what city in italy did arnolfo di cambio die
www.freebase.com/m/0285c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	what type of music does dave grohl play
www.freebase.com/m/07zwtt	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/048cl	which german philosopher influenced elie kedourie
www.freebase.com/m/066ppz	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/bats	www.freebase.com/m/02bm_x	is jerry hairston, jr. right-handed or left-handed
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnp1t	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is a country that sells persantine 50 coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0dx928q	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05crg7	which group recorded the collection
www.freebase.com/m/059wk	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/01635d	What is the name of a nintendo game developed in 1991?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz_mch	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06b0n3	what kind of film is the erotic mirror?
www.freebase.com/m/076txyj	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/06wmp	who was sonny bono salton sea national wildlife refuge named after
www.freebase.com/m/0tz6z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k3j0	Where is buckland?
www.freebase.com/m/0d32xn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dm7g	what was charles m. robinson iii's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/026h3zv	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/01b4wd	Who wrote the story for rogue trader (film)
www.freebase.com/m/03y2lxm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system is 21359 geng? 
www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hxd3m	What is a house music album
www.freebase.com/m/0dc374	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018n2f	what is the birth place of ted graham
www.freebase.com/m/0fckp35	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fckp6l	What is a song from ska authentic
www.freebase.com/m/0r8j418	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is george saville's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/05ns39t	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	which company published age of booty?
www.freebase.com/m/0k5r_k	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04gm6h	which film did david pursall write
www.freebase.com/m/0qymp5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rr13st	What tracks are featured in the recording day of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/0bt0cl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h850x	What is Dickson Mounds considered?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgldl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/012lzc	What was wild nights about
www.freebase.com/m/03d3px8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03_bf6	Who is the author of spires of spirit
www.freebase.com/m/0770gl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbbt	What is graham simpson's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01j5dv3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bt7w	is urban hymns britpop or j-pop
www.freebase.com/m/02hx8tv	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	what country is kabwa language from
www.freebase.com/m/01cvyp_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is being with you a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/02rxr80	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0196c5	where did  otto hitler die
www.freebase.com/m/04w6s6c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0hkt6	what is the topic of the written piece the way and the word
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jgvg6	What's a pop music album featuring boney m
www.freebase.com/m/0z5n5h9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03l5m1	fl√≥ri√°n kal√≥ comes from what country
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0ksvbn	who is a midfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/0fl6ch	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is the conspiracies book written
www.freebase.com/m/0dbt79	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of abid hussain
www.freebase.com/m/0k3d8k_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is im fine thanks
www.freebase.com/m/03crpz7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	what types of music is richard marriott
www.freebase.com/m/02vx6_n	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/02pgnzp	who is a character from the book  the anger of haruhi suzumiya
www.freebase.com/m/0clw1b_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ytph	Where is carousel beauty college, springfield located?
www.freebase.com/m/01x1bh9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	which nationality is freddy fender
www.freebase.com/m/0ndxq	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is marion county located
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ddhr9k	what album was produce by heavy metal Brazilian vocalist 
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hnv8py	What is the name of a film in the short film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/039fzbm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ll323	What is the title of a track on the release shaming of the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/04t1zyg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	of which subject is written in the collected stories
www.freebase.com/m/02fgpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0np6_zc	whats the name of an album by  alan menken
www.freebase.com/m/02rs_4y	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position did vyacheslav kernozenko play 
www.freebase.com/m/0bxzxf9	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	what is the cvg genre of the videogame sniper: ghost warrior
www.freebase.com/m/0v1x	www.freebase.com/aviation/airliner_accident/flight_destination	www.freebase.com/m/04lyk	Which airport was american airlines flight 77 bound for?
www.freebase.com/m/04t_pfc	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/05x6c	who was the author editor of the book stork naked (xanth)
www.freebase.com/m/0f5bhzw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is 20 greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0cnzw5v	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	what war was the battle of hoa da ‚Äì song mao part of
www.freebase.com/m/0v3kbs6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is still here?
www.freebase.com/m/0hgm06r	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sex	www.freebase.com/m/0c0ygc	What is the sex of lemberg
www.freebase.com/m/0c8my_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	which kind of book is raiders of the lost car park
www.freebase.com/m/027rpym	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily spoken in oklahoma!
www.freebase.com/m/0bmd1r8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0bwfy8	what record label are signed under
www.freebase.com/m/05gh96	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/03fx_c5	what is the soundtrack of the movie fresh
www.freebase.com/m/0zfldjz	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/location	www.freebase.com/m/0l35f	Where is mouthful, the wine country's most delicious hour broadcasted
www.freebase.com/m/0bkhm6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01yl6n	where is kock located 
www.freebase.com/m/0cc_zg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What genre is the book Showdown at Centerpoint?
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv5zz	what type of drug is contained as capsule
www.freebase.com/m/03g_r5t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what is the genre of fairy of the chalice
www.freebase.com/m/0csbf_	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/036jqd	Who is one of the founders of the federal party?
www.freebase.com/m/02v2tc	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/05pzbpx	What is the paper back edition of titan
www.freebase.com/m/04c7023	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  hiram in
www.freebase.com/m/09lhqf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	Where is pakistan air force academy
www.freebase.com/m/046vs6	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b3ty3s	Who did the costume design for october sky
www.freebase.com/m/063vm0b	www.freebase.com/base/jewlib/research_center/parent_institution	www.freebase.com/m/01s0_f	what is the parent institution for cohn-haddow center for judaic studies
www.freebase.com/m/09q17	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0blpwc	What's a movie in the slapstick genre on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0fwbbw9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012z8_	Who was the artist behind the album the sexual healer
www.freebase.com/m/0qctk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hjy	In which US state is atmautluak?
www.freebase.com/m/04wb5f0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/053r16	who is the author of stalking the blue-eyed scallop
www.freebase.com/m/017kjq	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/05jnl	what industry is yonhap news agency a part of
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08tt5q	Name a location in the united kingdom.
www.freebase.com/m/0fbdkpg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m2lxbm	what is a track from gladiator
www.freebase.com/m/0hlr80m	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bq4j6	who directed the last gladiators
www.freebase.com/m/0335rpc	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02cygv	Who produced a momentary lapse of reason?
www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04v_mz	What event took place in virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/01p0s0p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of music did nona hendryx make?
www.freebase.com/m/0sbrv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07pqkf	who was born in lincoln
www.freebase.com/m/04t34h_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what type of book is resolution?
www.freebase.com/m/03grjts	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	What is dawood hosni known for?
www.freebase.com/m/05wtbvf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where did frederic isham pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0_6jwvq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	which country filmed the movie  dime algo por √∫ltima vez
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0130sy	Who is famous for their guitar skills
www.freebase.com/m/0hqbc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is james w. prescott's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fv32f9	what is a compilation album nominated for Classical Album of the Year
www.freebase.com/m/06q8w4	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/08c0zb	Who did the music for s.o.s. titanic 
www.freebase.com/m/032hw6	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/philosopher/era	www.freebase.com/m/03dft3	in what era did the philosopher cornelius castoriadis exist
www.freebase.com/m/0x2fg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0240rd	Name an islamic figure killed due to homicide
www.freebase.com/m/01hljt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01914	Where did zhu de die?
www.freebase.com/m/03467bc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l4hlt_	what track came from the release  greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0bx62w0	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03s9b	Who directed the film ingmar bergman?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzh	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/033308	what bridge was named after abraham lincoln
www.freebase.com/m/0hzqv0q	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what language is featured on mrs. wiggs of the cabbage patch
www.freebase.com/m/01pky_	www.freebase.com/opera/opera_house/productions	www.freebase.com/m/0h5ptmd	what is an opera produced by the royal opera house, london
www.freebase.com/m/0qw81	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0vbk	Which state is helena located in
www.freebase.com/m/02ppn5q	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	What armed forced does the military unit 8th pennsylvania reserve regiment belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05f9qlh	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/020mfr	Which industry does exakt entertainment operate in
www.freebase.com/m/053_td	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dmjtl	What's a film produced by alexander dovzhenko
www.freebase.com/m/0bs74k0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	around which main start does (5528) 1992 aj gravitate
www.freebase.com/m/0lxghr	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0spv8vy	what version did believe (single version) come from 
www.freebase.com/m/0c0kjc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	What was daniel parke's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/052gzr	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/04j370k	what film did taylor hackford executive produced
www.freebase.com/m/05s2hr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is the profession of joseph vitale
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w1_th	What is the name of an adventure book
www.freebase.com/m/0zdgq_5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lpfh	where did carlos i. degregori's mother give birth
www.freebase.com/m/088vdg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is gas food lodging
www.freebase.com/m/010w65	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081yw	in what state is toppenish found
www.freebase.com/m/01hmmnz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was imagine released in
www.freebase.com/m/03jg9ck	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	What genre of music is on the album alive in florida
www.freebase.com/m/0n70p	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0x8w3	What is the name of a village in platte county?
www.freebase.com/m/01mkx2k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	which genre is the same old blues
www.freebase.com/m/0phh6h3	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What is yaron bar's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0sh02dl	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the format of the release private dancer?
www.freebase.com/m/01qvz8	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/07fb8_	what is the film format of gigli?
www.freebase.com/m/0qqbl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m2by	in which county is flowing wells in
www.freebase.com/m/0y2sq	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0cyn3	which county is manorhaven in
www.freebase.com/m/093shy	www.freebase.com/geography/lake_type/lakes_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/05mwxpm	What is a reservoir found in germany
www.freebase.com/m/04hq3r	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/0404y4	what is the function of stanley park stadium?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh9t9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/062p_	what is the ultimate weight solution for teens about?
www.freebase.com/m/03dbyz	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03csb__	Who wrote the film the black cauldron (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrz9r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	In which category on netflix can the title tigers in zhong shan mountain be found?
www.freebase.com/m/0j54f5b	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which genre of book is the thief?
www.freebase.com/m/02nvdjd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	what is william prescott frost, jr. for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0fvtwk0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is mobile 
www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01mkx15	Who is an artist of power pop?
www.freebase.com/m/049lzc1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m6_6ry	what is a song on live at the new york club: switzerland 1991 
www.freebase.com/m/0f1b2v8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	Is the collectable king crimson, volume 2 a studio album or a live album
www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wb1f8	name a sport book
www.freebase.com/m/07xjfv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01c7y	what language is used in the film the home and the world
www.freebase.com/m/0cnmwb	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/06wb06	what is the lower classification of eastern gorilla
www.freebase.com/m/0byv6z	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution_campus/educational_institution	www.freebase.com/m/0byv6z	Where is bay mills community college located
www.freebase.com/m/0g1629f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mx6cbl	what song is from soldier
www.freebase.com/m/0126dt	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	is spacecamp in english or spanish
www.freebase.com/m/01vvf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what kind of game is civilization
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ytz7v	Name a popular fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/0j8hd	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/09sndh	who is a woman that died from who is a woman that
www.freebase.com/m/0dqsq5j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mtg_	which artist recorded twilight?
www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t11zv	what book is based on international relations
www.freebase.com/m/026b_wq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where was jean-baptiste-ren√© hertel de rouville born
www.freebase.com/m/0bfpbs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what is deborah wells's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6pp3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What kind of film is work?
www.freebase.com/m/01jy9rb	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0k8f69c	what film did michael feinstein executively produce?
www.freebase.com/m/01j4z5x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01h96	What is bbmak?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0294l	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01qzt1	which netflix genre is rush: beyond the lighted stage 
www.freebase.com/m/01j950	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0261d9m	what character was crown prince in hamlet
www.freebase.com/m/014wq_	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/02_jyw	What disease is deafness a symptom of
www.freebase.com/m/05zj0ck	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/03psv_	what if found within the dyle≈à mountain
www.freebase.com/m/08ns88	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	what type of movie is brain donors
www.freebase.com/m/0tsnz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nm42	which county is lubec found in
www.freebase.com/m/04n1wcl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/067mj	who is the artist associated with live phish downloads: 07.22.97
www.freebase.com/m/01mdgpr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of tommy johnson
www.freebase.com/m/031nbw8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wsggc	which tracks are a part of the release babylon?
www.freebase.com/m/02k_fp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06610df	name a person who was born in the salta province?
www.freebase.com/m/0mg1dm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02qwg	Which artist recorded stormy monday?
www.freebase.com/m/025tk35	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	what is yulia volkova known for
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x4mrh	what is a 1958 black-and-white comedy film 
www.freebase.com/m/0nm3chn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lzhcr	who is the artist on the recording believe
www.freebase.com/m/0y7035y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what's imre keszi's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04cy1w5	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	what line of work is denis king in
www.freebase.com/m/09x4zt	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/0g09tg	where is cordillera real located 
www.freebase.com/m/0qn1nqy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country was silence filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0323dgk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was now! 4 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03hprr	Who is a post-rock artist?
www.freebase.com/m/03j7y67	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m21qkh	what is the name of a track off of the release titled christmas
www.freebase.com/m/01mppld	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/049q0m	which artist released gangstress?
www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdgv7	whats the name of theology and religion book
www.freebase.com/m/04v9n6f	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What kind of binding is on the book tarzan of the apes?
www.freebase.com/m/0346zx4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l4l65p	What is the track list for the release pronto?
www.freebase.com/m/035qvm6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/017k2h5	which track is in the release flow.ers
www.freebase.com/m/03jjqhx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What is the music genre of the album the altar and the door?
www.freebase.com/m/0vxf600	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/03pty	what is hotel indigo hong kong island used for 
www.freebase.com/m/0f2s6	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/05ggg3	where is the neighborhood fort worth located
www.freebase.com/m/07nw_4q	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/012dtf	Who produced the film uncle vanya
www.freebase.com/m/0220bx	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/021_mx	who was the manufacturer of the  mil mi-24
www.freebase.com/m/02rppk_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01g5m2	Who wrote the book the torment of others
www.freebase.com/m/03y3wz	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0hc3t	Who did robert henri play an influential role on?
www.freebase.com/m/01yhg8	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/02pnxb3	what is an example of baroque architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/04psf	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02krlr	Which male died from leukemia?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/080ppc0	which film is a  drama movie
www.freebase.com/m/0_jkbxz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/039jjn	Who was the lyricist from the song i got plenty o nuttin
www.freebase.com/m/082s_4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used of i am woman
www.freebase.com/m/01lrrt	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05szjnw	what is a 1960 melodrama film
www.freebase.com/m/025z5zf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	the reckoning is what type of music genre
www.freebase.com/m/01cn54	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	what is a white-bellied sea eagle's organism classification
www.freebase.com/m/027nnmn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre does oceans deadliest fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmk2hj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is tom douglas's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03q9_v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/041289q	who is a military leader born in kangaroo point
www.freebase.com/m/0s4mfg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031mw32	What album is busted on?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8lt6b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0xh_rw7	what is the recording track on waterloo
www.freebase.com/m/06x1zg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	What is the genre of game friday the 13th?
www.freebase.com/m/03g6h0w	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	what is the genre of the album mitsuboshi
www.freebase.com/m/02qbmvb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is american gun a drama or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/07w8zm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is lester cuneo
www.freebase.com/m/0lcy_7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is solar system a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/07c96m	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/07vr92g	What is mio technology notable for
www.freebase.com/m/02rhphc	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/026z66	which mountain range contains cahuenga peak
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y738h	which asteroid was discovered in 1980?
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/09vqjtf	Which writer wrote Niagara, Niagara?
www.freebase.com/m/03c9xm1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Is georgetown university forum broadcast in english or spanish
www.freebase.com/m/02qr9rz	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which position did sung han-soo play for football?
www.freebase.com/m/01147s	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is lake shangrila in?
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gydny_	what is a 2011 mystery film
www.freebase.com/m/048x_6w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03gh4	Which state is the city of kapahi inside of
www.freebase.com/m/01hfv2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is hans-hermann hoppe male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03tb__	What is a title in the netflix genre action/adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/09mnc1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does ethan johns play
www.freebase.com/m/056pq0	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/04jjrhf	Which film did larry adler help with?
www.freebase.com/m/0crs08d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the film genre of black crescent moon?
www.freebase.com/m/02qkdzb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/work_of_fiction/part_of_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/0dd9p	What is the fictional universe mobile suit gundam: gundam vs. zeta gundam is in?
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/059jrs	who is an african american painter famous for biblical paintings
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04q3qp6	What is the name of a dance-pop album?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8lrgh	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is Jonas Alarik's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04t45sn	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what is the genre of interview with anne rice?
www.freebase.com/m/0b4cw00	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is carmen filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0yx_w	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bh8hhy	Who was the film production designer for the film rain man?
www.freebase.com/m/0fcgv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0lcd	which mountain range does bernese alps belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03nsv3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0np4vls	What's an album written by everlast
www.freebase.com/m/07rj_n	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0fhxv	Who composed biko?
www.freebase.com/m/0nnqbjn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy9_	which artist recorded jingle bells
www.freebase.com/m/0kzhd46	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03226m_	in what album is contained the energy song
www.freebase.com/m/0dt8x19	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kinds of music is alma zohar
www.freebase.com/m/02r8fpk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of claude bourque?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3ms9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0f1q72	who wrote mrs. mack
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0300jn	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/04j0drl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	is max havoc: ring of fire an action film or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/03cbgqf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	What kind of video game is super cars ii
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g4mv2	Who is a film director?
www.freebase.com/m/0jrv4xn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0h1_jz	who is the author of the work robert b. parker's lullaby?
www.freebase.com/m/0ft1c7k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fry8f5	what is a release track on monster
www.freebase.com/m/0ndn6d2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	Where in australia was chris oliver born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_qg2_4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0bxsz	where did adam brown die?
www.freebase.com/m/01nwgc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	Which country is quirino located in
www.freebase.com/m/0h66pz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/02hm5__	what is a computer videogame from the incredibles
www.freebase.com/m/06mhcx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city in new york was  les krims born in
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02ch0v	What is the name of a city in the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/02cj99	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is andrew archibald macdonald known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0fb77n4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012vd6	Who wrote tutto aretha: a natural woman
www.freebase.com/m/04gjtcx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bkbm	what type of movie is agente s 03: operazione atlantide
www.freebase.com/m/03hldvw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04qdp5	where did  byron sunderland die
www.freebase.com/m/01t7pgk	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/05ptvr	who was influenced by will rogers?
www.freebase.com/m/0j44kj_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the film angus buchan's ordinary people filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0439wr	www.freebase.com/theater/theatrical_composer/plays_composed	www.freebase.com/m/01_rgt	What play did richard adler write?
www.freebase.com/m/076_0bf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	what kind of show is katorse
www.freebase.com/m/07srw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05vr6qr	who is a famous person born in utah
www.freebase.com/m/0869c8	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04l40p	which films has paul calderon written
www.freebase.com/m/07sb0qw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what genre is the habit in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mlj_h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vzdvd	who is the artist that recorded star?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwhxdt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which system is (5856) 1994 al2 in
www.freebase.com/m/03hdj	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5hjz	which movie was contributed by henryk sienkiewicz
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0k1v6kk	what object is asteroid?
www.freebase.com/m/01p4dg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03fy_68	which album is happy hardcore
www.freebase.com/m/04xqsy	www.freebase.com/user/coco/science/concepts_theories/parent_concept	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	what subject does functional come from
www.freebase.com/m/0bvsp5	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gdtpv	what is a radio station that plays bobby v
www.freebase.com/m/01s0ggd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What kind of album is the answers
www.freebase.com/m/06xdxg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	which gameplay mode does the videogame star wars: shadows of the empire have
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rxf2r	what album is of the genre pop music
www.freebase.com/m/0k5d20	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhnf	in which austrian state did hans schneeberger die
www.freebase.com/m/017s11	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0gltv	Columbia Pictures produced what film?
www.freebase.com/m/02r5ghw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of art did thomas downing do
www.freebase.com/m/048mgd	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/0cvq3	What kind of automobile is honda ridgeline
www.freebase.com/m/027ybd6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/017g21	who is the composer of party sequence
www.freebase.com/m/049ffrk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03qn8t0	What is a body of work by sean delaney
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6n92	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is the life boat
www.freebase.com/m/080h2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0jzqsk	Who is a film producer born in vancouver
www.freebase.com/m/0t5l386	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0696w_	who is the parent of kate lamm
www.freebase.com/m/0rrtkg0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0tznln	what is the recording from the track miles?
www.freebase.com/m/032_01m	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was another kind of blues released first?
www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01tks72	Who's a musician that plays reggae music
www.freebase.com/m/01b40n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02xz2l	which fear factory album was released in 2004?
www.freebase.com/m/04hs7d	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/anime_title/animanga_franchise	www.freebase.com/m/01w626	which anime franchise is yu-gi-oh duel monsters a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0641k2d	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02vkdwz	what is edgar wrightington role in football
www.freebase.com/m/032gnz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is carlos valderrama known for
www.freebase.com/m/0zp0nl4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	What is the subject of title boxing club edmond
www.freebase.com/m/03kts	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_kgl96	what song has harry connick, jr. written lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqttv0	what is a drug that comes in a tablet
www.freebase.com/m/078_h1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dh53	What is the subject of curtain: an essay in seven parts?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvz7	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0r8cp	what is a city in yolo county, california
www.freebase.com/m/08x9zj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	What genre is tin machine live: oy vey, baby
www.freebase.com/m/02z5b34	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/01ldvs	what is the body of water that runs under bedell covered bridge
www.freebase.com/m/025vdyx	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/027rn	Where is saman√° bay located?
www.freebase.com/m/018fc9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05p0h_c	who was born in gelsenkirchen?
www.freebase.com/m/035dyxg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l8zhdr	What is the track list of singers and songwriters collection?
www.freebase.com/m/04q00m	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/0dcp_	What medical condition dies bill williams have?
www.freebase.com/m/05zkbj5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was crying freeman done
www.freebase.com/m/012yc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02xb_r	who is an alternative hip hop artist?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1bjx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what country is on the film idiot: vol. 1
www.freebase.com/m/01xs9p	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/03lgjgh	what genre is royal ontario museum 
www.freebase.com/m/02bl483	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/09gnn	WHat topic gallery does whiteandkeynes appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0hdzt	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bmc088	what's the name of the comics artist born in recife
www.freebase.com/m/01004hz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lqvkk2	what is a recording from winnipeg
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04f1jcz	what is a netflix genre from france
www.freebase.com/m/02qnmq4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzwl	what program series was created by james manos, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/04xq62	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country does the show  tripping the rift originate from
www.freebase.com/m/04b16pj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	which state is the town virginia in
www.freebase.com/m/02pcymc	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/061v5m	Which company owns the radio station wmfs?
www.freebase.com/m/02plxn_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01423b	where was charlie dean born
www.freebase.com/m/0m05kyb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j61kp	which song was released in cars
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05mbk0	What is a classic horror film title
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wbz3v	whats the name of a biography book
www.freebase.com/m/013y46	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h482g	who was born in gansu?
www.freebase.com/m/04w2r3q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the subject of nietzsche in 90 minutes?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs198	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of california black oak
www.freebase.com/m/07kkq_	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	What automotive class does the renault fr√©gate model belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0mbhkz_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dv4240	What album is poet on?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4l758	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wt5pn	what artist recorded in between days
www.freebase.com/m/0g4zb7r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	Which profession is jerald intrator in
www.freebase.com/m/01nq7n8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kjsq2l	what music track contains metamorphosis
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0fksnz	Who is a retired african american basketball payer?
www.freebase.com/m/01mty30	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k11	what record label do the osborne brothers belong to
www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/062775	who plays acoustic music
www.freebase.com/m/046t1	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0g2j9d	which hospital was named after john radcliffe (english physician)
www.freebase.com/m/0crw1sw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ltv	what type of film is funny car summer
www.freebase.com/m/0h7pyzd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is fat cat's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg5qk2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07p7g	Where was saif al-arab gaddafi born?
www.freebase.com/m/05b_cl7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what genre is mason andrews?
www.freebase.com/m/0dhrxr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05dt_yg	what is an episode from shark?
www.freebase.com/m/0x6c4g4	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what is the format of eclipse?
www.freebase.com/m/0_m3mst	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p9hgt	Who is the artist that recorded born under a bad sign
www.freebase.com/m/0p2w0	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is newton county in
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hv306	an example of a post-punk album is what?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0ch5x5j	What's a planetary system in the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0hgml0t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	which genre does the artist ensemble mik nawooj performs
www.freebase.com/m/01l3tfm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0bnyz8	who composed ooh la la (goldfrapp song)
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gksrlt	What is a drama film title?
www.freebase.com/m/03npjh	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/058d6g	who was involved in the battle of cedar creek
www.freebase.com/m/04pyjd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0l2vz	where did li fang-kuei die
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04mz96w	what book is considered fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3n0l	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/05njw	who was the developer for opengrok
www.freebase.com/m/0g95ghx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fy07hs	what is one track released in the movie step up 3d
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05my5d0	What's an example of a jazz album
www.freebase.com/m/0b44bzz	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/054xs9	who directed the film volcano
www.freebase.com/m/0nlxrx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016pns	Which artist recorded the song dilemma [explicit]
www.freebase.com/m/0c5kp6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	what state is statenville in?
www.freebase.com/m/02_by3q	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	What platform is whiteout on?
www.freebase.com/m/03r8mf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05j49	where is cfb goose bay located at?
www.freebase.com/m/0r760	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	what US state is monte rio in
www.freebase.com/m/01wskb2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	Which type of music does elis regina do
www.freebase.com/m/05p553	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0b9rxh	what is a comedy show featured on bbc one
www.freebase.com/m/0n725d1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0ng00p	what album does the title track  newfoundland come from
www.freebase.com/m/02pd4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hr7t2	what type of structure does the european free alliance has
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/052_2yj	who plays defender
www.freebase.com/m/027szxj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where did jack carr die?
www.freebase.com/m/01h92f_	www.freebase.com/music/album/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/07xl1r	what's one of the songs on the album like a prayer
www.freebase.com/m/0h23ccd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xf30c4	which songs were created by paul lewis?
www.freebase.com/m/07hsx7	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0b5mw7	which movie was directed by john mallory asher
www.freebase.com/m/0mm_hz4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0flym8s	what is the release from the track for whom the bell tolls?
www.freebase.com/m/0gnh8c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what north american country contains clearwater lakes
www.freebase.com/m/0jxxt	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/0gyydf	what is an organization within the horse racing sector
www.freebase.com/m/02740ws	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fgm_l	which film did molly nyman contribute the music for?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwknb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/022nw3	who wrote the episode the end?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs5_dg	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language was spoke in fritz lang: circle of destiny 
www.freebase.com/m/06k4n2p	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0gxzk89	who is the author of  robert browning
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01qkqf4	An album that falls under the genre alternative rock is what?
www.freebase.com/m/09m6kg	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/090d1j7	who designed the costumes for the film a beautiful mind
www.freebase.com/m/0_svn9_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is edward j. hehre from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkswxj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what types of movie is unfinished song, my love
www.freebase.com/m/03qp82l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02vn1m2	which area contains the sacramento metropolitan area 
www.freebase.com/m/0lkwdv0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037xg8z	What album is silver from
www.freebase.com/m/013qvn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/010k7vn	what is the name of a track by dean martin
www.freebase.com/m/0218q9	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/variants	www.freebase.com/m/02b_c4	what is a variation of f-8 crusader?
www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0dxlxt	What book is a classics?
www.freebase.com/m/02xkkq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0vs4b_8	what is michael steven bubl√©'s 2003 album called 
www.freebase.com/m/041rqz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What sort of rock does smile empty soul perform
www.freebase.com/m/0t998h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01hvg5z	which releases have gold as the track?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2td1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What is the netflix genre of beneath loch ness?
www.freebase.com/m/0yp0ftm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is vanda berl√°nyi 's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbj9_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02xcxx	where was alun owen born
www.freebase.com/m/06zmsh_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of egon k√§hler
www.freebase.com/m/02t_m8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What type of music do the weather girls create
www.freebase.com/m/07jd30	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xpjyz	what is missoula international airport
www.freebase.com/m/04t2kn5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h0n	which genre does the book voice of the coyote fall under
www.freebase.com/m/04t4bm7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What kind of book is spqr iv: the temple of the muses?
www.freebase.com/m/05q442g	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3jz	Who was the costume designer for the the iron curtain film?
www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/07n9nf	What is the name of a progressive metal album?
www.freebase.com/m/05fjy	www.freebase.com/base/aliens/ufo_sighting_location/ufo_sighting_s	www.freebase.com/m/08hs7x	Where in new mexico are there ufo sightings?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcgd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q6vbq	what is a piece of artwork created by roy lichtenstein?
www.freebase.com/m/027yq46	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0zym6	Where did amos strunk die
www.freebase.com/m/07kch1b	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0c41qv	What production company worked on the film love & other drugs
www.freebase.com/m/03yn1b0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is algie the miner?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lfslj	what is an album by jerry garcia?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt3mg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0m0gc	What is the active ingredient in date 0.1 injectable solution?
www.freebase.com/m/0sj7zrt	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0sn0ytl	what is a song off the in time album 
www.freebase.com/m/0rzmjl0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is michel gauthier?
www.freebase.com/m/01k5v56	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	where are omar & the howlers originally from
www.freebase.com/m/03y5kt7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	48650 kazanuniversity  orbits what star
www.freebase.com/m/04n1d3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is  reginald veljohnson
www.freebase.com/m/02r5wxz	www.freebase.com/location/cn_autonomous_county/designated_minority	www.freebase.com/m/013z8m	which designated minority resides in huanren manchu autonomous county
www.freebase.com/m/0f3wxy0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m4461	who performs baby
www.freebase.com/m/0dptwnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what classification of music is electra
www.freebase.com/m/0dtr5l1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mbb_8j	what's one of the songs on the 100% television themes release
www.freebase.com/m/0fmfzl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01s5q	what was brandon hedrick's cause of death
www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0k1v4jw	what objects has the palomar observatory discovered
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsfyg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	what is the administrative route for the drug  neutrogena ultimate sport sunblock spf 100 plus
www.freebase.com/m/02_dz_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is llanbedr
www.freebase.com/m/02xyz4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is peter schoomaker
www.freebase.com/m/0fnyw	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/includes_causes_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01fxk4	What is an eating disorder that includes causes of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0fyl04x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0qdzrhx	which tracks are released in stairwells?
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/03d_wwp	Who is a notable african american
www.freebase.com/m/0b__fv3	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0fh7mx	what actor is tamil american
www.freebase.com/m/01n00mf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of rock music is on life and death of an american fourtracker
www.freebase.com/m/04w3m02	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	What is the subject of the book the light garden of the angel king
www.freebase.com/m/0zby_2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dqwhfp	What is a release off the recording titled armageddon
www.freebase.com/m/0_rl5px	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01nwgdq	who is the writer of ill die happy
www.freebase.com/m/0bgg0rb	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/026hxwx	which film was frank helmer the costume designer for
www.freebase.com/m/0d0y7	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03c6jrg	who was a military personnel involved in the battle of fredericksburg
www.freebase.com/m/0413ddd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0js23	where was anton von hohberg und buchwald born?
www.freebase.com/m/06s7fv	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0gbzn	what was named after francis solanus
www.freebase.com/m/01515d	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/09dqx	Name a female fictional character with the flight ability.
www.freebase.com/m/08d7db	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7t	Who composed the song the hearts filthy lesson?
www.freebase.com/m/027gl6j	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	what genre is stateside on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02wdd3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ahmet taner kƒ±≈ülalƒ±'s gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04jg6nc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/086g2	what state in india is taki government college found
www.freebase.com/m/04wd0lx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/029jpy	what are some of the subjects written in weekend walks in rhode island?
www.freebase.com/m/03cvm8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/0hzzycb	The fictional character the seer (charmed) appears in what fictional universes
www.freebase.com/m/068qh	www.freebase.com/business/company_type/companies_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/03p1jb6	name a public limited company 
www.freebase.com/m/03b5xz3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lvcqq3	what is the track list from 15 levels of magnification
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05b616y	whats the name of a documentary film thats about partisan divides in american society
www.freebase.com/m/01nj7qw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fcdn1v	what is a song by star sounds orchestra?
www.freebase.com/m/06zm391	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is the nationality of max allwein
www.freebase.com/m/0nd1z8v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0kxx5l4	the tv episode india  was apart of what season
www.freebase.com/m/0cm8vsf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of celestial object is 91907 shiho?
www.freebase.com/m/01zm1l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of luis figo?
www.freebase.com/m/08r5gb	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/0183r6	which mountain range does the mount good hope belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0cg19b	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/01crd5	What's a country affected by typhoon koryn
www.freebase.com/m/01w2v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03h8gf	Name someone born in cairo
www.freebase.com/m/0134pk	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0h2tzp	what is a song composed by aerosmith?
www.freebase.com/m/08q6hx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0126hc	where did aubrey faulkner pass away 
www.freebase.com/m/03hmzh2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is matt dunbar
www.freebase.com/m/0j1ygbz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	where is evgeniya abramova from
www.freebase.com/m/0830qs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is caroline bauer a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/03dpl4	www.freebase.com/broadcast/distributor/distributes	www.freebase.com/m/06zcl2	Name an over-the-air programming distributor
www.freebase.com/m/023k2	www.freebase.com/business/company_type/companies_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/02fz1t	What is a south korean telecommunication operating corporation
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrvbp	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06vg8_	what ingredient is active in vectical
www.freebase.com/m/04zhd	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wgz3m	Name a book about mythology
www.freebase.com/m/02kp1qn	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02vzgl	Name one american stand-up comedian who died from heroin overdose
www.freebase.com/m/05mhlky	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of artwork is depicted in the interior of the church of st. bavo at haarlem
www.freebase.com/m/0gxbpp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what movie genre is transformers: zone?
www.freebase.com/m/02qn2n0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what book genre is a dream of wessex
www.freebase.com/m/016jny	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0n_bdnh	what artists play folk rock?
www.freebase.com/m/02qxd_l	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0g1x2_	what was the subject of the film once were warriors
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gx9wq4	what is a disney drama movie 
www.freebase.com/m/0dxy01	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kpys	which county is whitley heights, los angeles in
www.freebase.com/m/0fryj54	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f1zw5	who is the singer of portrait
www.freebase.com/m/09k3yq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	what kind of video game is british open championship golf 
www.freebase.com/m/0jxr8x_	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is the color of the drug horizant 600 extended release tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02x71qf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/011ngvt	what are some of the tracks that features bob belden?
www.freebase.com/m/026db2p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/079g2m3	what is the name of an episode from ross kemp on gangs 
www.freebase.com/m/02r3k2s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is essential pebbles, volume 3 
www.freebase.com/m/0s9m2jx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is beryl orde from
www.freebase.com/m/0njssgg	www.freebase.com/base/webvideo/internet_video_series/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0njsv6s	what is an episode of rush call
www.freebase.com/m/0gfvp1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is nicole corriero from
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsgq_	What is the name of a formulation that is available as a tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/069lqf	Which game uses multiplayer gameplay mode?
www.freebase.com/m/0418dc	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/02tfl8	what is a symptom of salmonellosis
www.freebase.com/m/011vhrr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033n0kl	what is a song released on mobile 
www.freebase.com/m/0150t6	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/05c26ss	what film did hans zimmer contribute music to
www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01ygr7	Name a lawyer. 
www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/027r4fq	Name a video game in the sports game genre
www.freebase.com/m/01wr8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/type_of_planetographic_feature/planetographic_features_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/04sdp0	What is the name of an impact crater on the moon?
www.freebase.com/m/0_dlpsp	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is minor lakes
www.freebase.com/m/0gxrxxw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the film out bound released
www.freebase.com/m/0j49rx9	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03m6pk	who is the child of beti wyn davies
www.freebase.com/m/02vp49g	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0ply0	where was mybloglog founded
www.freebase.com/m/03d9g14	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Which country does genjir≈ç kaneko have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlds6	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color are metoprolol tartrate 25 film coated tablets
www.freebase.com/m/0gfq2x2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what is the nationality of l√°szl√≥ csuja
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/09q92l	what is a movie found in the drama genre in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01k9gb	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02_dvd	Who died of esophageal cancer
www.freebase.com/m/0dmh22	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/08zxy30	Who is the film casting director of strange wilderness
www.freebase.com/m/03wfqq7	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d5fb	What is the topic of tom browns schooldays (1971)
www.freebase.com/m/05lwx7h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/07lrrt	what skill does paul have 
www.freebase.com/m/04j0ftd	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	What netflix genre is breaking the cycle
www.freebase.com/m/07k4p7q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is rolf g. fjelde known as?
www.freebase.com/m/02qwzmb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fcyj	what was the cause of vicente rond√≥n's death
www.freebase.com/m/0g46mq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where did h2o: just add water come from 
www.freebase.com/m/0wnvj	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is  maple lake township in
www.freebase.com/m/027951	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0r5zbhf	What was harry chauvel's son's name?
www.freebase.com/m/031c33	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0hqwqps	What is a treatment for menorrhagia
www.freebase.com/m/02q9r_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where is the film boxing kangaroo from?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cd957	What a flim in the musical genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0k2gj0y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fr_v	in what city of Suriname was chinyere pigot born 
www.freebase.com/m/06cgny	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_tournament_event/teams	www.freebase.com/m/023fxp	what team played in the 1979 cricket world cup
www.freebase.com/m/0jwll64	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of nurseli ƒ∞diz
www.freebase.com/m/0226c4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/0kyqkzp	what popular game did spectrum holobyte create
www.freebase.com/m/03czfxz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	where did leo f. forbstein die
www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/07tt455	what is an anime program
www.freebase.com/m/03m646	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jack rowe's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/07qs6k	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/02sn34	where can I find the tourist attraction golden gate, kiev
www.freebase.com/m/04c8r1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the nationality of jimmy mclarnin
www.freebase.com/m/0325ls	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_series/games_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/0kymxq7	What game is in the series petz?
www.freebase.com/m/05zzz6g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in the film mr. and mrs. north?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y2dv2	name an asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/0h7r8zg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is melany denise's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0_tn9t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/01f06kw	which record is part of democracy (right wing militia mix)
www.freebase.com/m/0kvfdg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what netflix genre is the film julie
www.freebase.com/m/0fz3cgb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mtnzn1	what tracks are on soul talk?
www.freebase.com/m/0h98n4b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in vs
www.freebase.com/m/04__tq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was spoken in  veronica guerin
www.freebase.com/m/048v9y1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	where is jackson square located 
www.freebase.com/m/02z78b8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is carlo sacchi from
www.freebase.com/m/02vln26	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01wxv52	who composed the track get happy?
www.freebase.com/m/0zx4gdf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0zjpz	who created the lyrics for the composition one step closer
www.freebase.com/m/0fr8ff7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mp2ply	what is a track from rare
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03whn1_	What instrumentalist uses a drum kit?
www.freebase.com/m/04ckrwl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	what kind of album is calling my children home
www.freebase.com/m/04zw722	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0pnb8	where did bow kum pass away
www.freebase.com/m/017tn4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is vernon l. smith?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2jqq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is tiempo real filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/03p1m7	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/countries_spoken_in	www.freebase.com/m/019pcs	what country is shabo spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/047c6r	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/038j99	who is  tobin bridge named after
www.freebase.com/m/045zr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	what is joni mitchell most known for in the music industry?
www.freebase.com/m/06gvsr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ylj	which country is federal dependencies of venezuela based in
www.freebase.com/m/0f_5djd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	Which format was a ghost is born released in
www.freebase.com/m/0h04rk	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	which film format is exiled
www.freebase.com/m/05wq1m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq229t	where would a person find the curse of frankenstein on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01m8d_y	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is christmas in vienna
www.freebase.com/m/02qv26q	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of education institution is silverton high school 
www.freebase.com/m/03m49fp	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0899b	what religion does gerry shishin wick practice
www.freebase.com/m/0h33y13	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/057rzb	who is son of kathleen mckidd
www.freebase.com/m/0lvzvm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_7644h	What's the title track from bulletproof
www.freebase.com/m/09rnf08	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_story/characters	www.freebase.com/m/03zw5	who is a character in the comic book story if i should die...!
www.freebase.com/m/02rlb5j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02wt0	What is k. r. latchan's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01mbt1x	Who is an American jazz singer 
www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4xpt	which book in written in the sociology genre
www.freebase.com/m/02hltmz	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/04l6sd	what game is tom clancys rainbow six: rogue spear
www.freebase.com/m/06hp_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country produced the film bunty aur babli
www.freebase.com/m/0vpd15b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02q_g0	where was mehmet bozkus born at?
www.freebase.com/m/03c27m3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	Which country was diogo antunes de oliveira born in
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04_0dfh	Who played as a football midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/04ttk3t	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04y5fgy	which publisher published the book edition horror at the haunted house
www.freebase.com/m/0kqlmh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02y9wq	What did straylight studios discover?
www.freebase.com/m/0whpmwr	www.freebase.com/theater/play/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of play is unnatural acts?
www.freebase.com/m/08whs5	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0grn9l	what events took place at suruga bay?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04z_cyz	What's a thriller (genre) directed by rod holcomb
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/042222	Name a film from the drama genre
www.freebase.com/m/06_ctrq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07srw	which state was contained in wilkinson-hawkinson house
www.freebase.com/m/0dnc6gy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lbp7j	who is the artist in the recording fine?
www.freebase.com/m/03byb_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0xxq	what instruments can steve cradock play?
www.freebase.com/m/0qz0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Arthur Alkin's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0nng	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	What is the genre of the film the rival?
www.freebase.com/m/0j8dk04	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is lian amber profession
www.freebase.com/m/03jjhw0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is east meets east?
www.freebase.com/m/0lvw62f	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03bbl1s	What album release includes the track blue
www.freebase.com/m/01l387z	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what album content type is the mexican
www.freebase.com/m/04jkbst	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	jes√∫s armando s√°nchez was born in which Mexican city?
www.freebase.com/m/0sslk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03s0w	What US state is manning located in
www.freebase.com/m/03c17w7	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/governing_body_of_protected_sites/protected_sites_governed	www.freebase.com/m/04xk9h	what part is protected by florida department of environmental protection
www.freebase.com/m/04g24hs	www.freebase.com/base/classiccars/classic_car/body_styles_produced	www.freebase.com/m/019qw9	What type of body style is the alvis 12/70
www.freebase.com/m/0n8vq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01d6tr	Who was born in battersea
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0z46fzl	which movie is horror
www.freebase.com/m/02q4mt	www.freebase.com/base/saturdaynightlive/snl_fiver_timer/type_of_five_timer	www.freebase.com/m/04ln7r3	What type of five timer is buck henry
www.freebase.com/m/01ls7p	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/09ncg3	who is one person that richard neutra influenced
www.freebase.com/m/01x3jwd	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/04wwh0	What is a structure designed by jacques herzog?
www.freebase.com/m/03fz_8q	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01r9d_2	what Japanese noise musician is the creator of the scene album
www.freebase.com/m/0f7sd05	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is to hell with the devil an audio cassette or a compact disc
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/08gc10	what's the name of a belgian forward
www.freebase.com/m/06jj1d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f2r6	which city is beehive house in 
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/070b4	who is a punk rock artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0127lb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/medical_condition_in_fiction/characters_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/0cm64zq	Who was a fictional character that experienced a miscarriage
www.freebase.com/m/04j7853	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/027krx2	Name a film that dan etheridge produced
www.freebase.com/m/02rc5k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	What genre of music is fear of music?
www.freebase.com/m/012t_z	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bvx96	Name a businessman.
www.freebase.com/m/01vswwx	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0mq7hs	what is a track produced by bono
www.freebase.com/m/05n5m4y	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is annie known as?
www.freebase.com/m/03j8clk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Where was 1991 released
www.freebase.com/m/0n86w1z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033t1hr	what album did the single japan  come from
www.freebase.com/m/03h_49f	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0bfggs1	Name a musical release by priest soopafly brooks
www.freebase.com/m/0gx2s9k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0295r	What language is spoken in my dad is a champ
www.freebase.com/m/0rsc672	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dyt48c	What album is europa featured on
www.freebase.com/m/08f695	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	Which instrument does clive bunker play?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0_p3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which type of star system is 6135 billowen
www.freebase.com/m/02pts_h	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/028y9p	What company owns the radio station cilk-fm?
www.freebase.com/m/05znjv6	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01tq62	the bma tower was done is what style
www.freebase.com/m/0gr0c_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/078lk	what region is  gonnostramatza located in
www.freebase.com/m/0j9mvzn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	What type of music does nicholas gunn play
www.freebase.com/m/0bwjswb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What netflix genre is blue moon rising in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gn3ld	www.freebase.com/base/digitalcameras/digital_camera/slowest_shutter	www.freebase.com/m/04lpls8	what is the shutter speed on a sigma sd14 
www.freebase.com/m/0nhw60t	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_k419_	matt prime composed what piece of music?
www.freebase.com/m/0463mt2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jdd	what country is kabul medical university located
www.freebase.com/m/04q9470	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06gr40	who is the creator of spider blues
www.freebase.com/m/01mdjyw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0184sl6	whats the titles of pete fountain's songs
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crvb19	what is a film based on music
www.freebase.com/m/0ghtb69	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what film genre is doyam
www.freebase.com/m/0crvjv0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of movie is roses in december?
www.freebase.com/m/02rpf4q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What country is anginda peak in
www.freebase.com/m/07npxf	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0h5wtyy	Who makes the volkswagen eos
www.freebase.com/m/05hf8f	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	Which martial art does leo gamez practice?
www.freebase.com/m/0268l1h	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does choe myong-ho play in football
www.freebase.com/m/03gn8s	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0m7hys	What song is skunk anansie a producer on?
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/06w2p6w	what is a regiment involved in the american civil war
www.freebase.com/m/03jh5px	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album content is the ghost & mrs. muir?
www.freebase.com/m/02yphw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n4lt	which county can the south mountains state park be found in
www.freebase.com/m/01mp0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01l2r_0	Who was born in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin?
www.freebase.com/m/06qvnv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/tv_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02_l39	who owns ktaz
www.freebase.com/m/028br41	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	which record label does stan stammers belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04btyz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0g6lng	What is the title of a heist film?
www.freebase.com/m/0ks7j7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07bcn	in what city did paul peek die
www.freebase.com/m/01kx0qx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	Who did wild orchid sign with?
www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	www.freebase.com/military/armed_force/units	www.freebase.com/m/02rpvp9	which union army served in the american civil war?
www.freebase.com/m/04nqyb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of film is kwaidan (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn94qy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was spoken in the tv program zach covey vlogs
www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0h3stcc	what discovery was made by  palomar observatory
www.freebase.com/m/014kpk1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031kzfg	what is a song n big fish
www.freebase.com/m/01kvrhl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0yx_r4	what is a song released by kylie minogue
www.freebase.com/m/0crrnvs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is dance songs forever in 
www.freebase.com/m/0ch3g9b	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	which position did ham schulte on the diamond
www.freebase.com/m/0ffjlzy	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what is the formatting of macanudo
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hwryd	What's an album featuring jerry goldsmith
www.freebase.com/m/0hgzdjb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jermanne perry's sex
www.freebase.com/m/03hp40f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0k02b	where did titoparis originate from
www.freebase.com/m/01lktc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What genre is the scar
www.freebase.com/m/0f3_r1	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what type of educational institution is esperanza high school?
www.freebase.com/m/05dnsb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is debra hill?
www.freebase.com/m/01jv1z	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m9rpv	What's a band signed to chrysalis records
www.freebase.com/m/02rkz1j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre of film is today we live
www.freebase.com/m/03902	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05t0710	Who was an actor that was born in geneva
www.freebase.com/m/04c0w3f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	which state locates rickahock
www.freebase.com/m/07kfddr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what music genre does this time fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/05mzx06	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	What is the language of gag 100kaibun aishite kudasai?
www.freebase.com/m/04d3_x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	what country is artist funeral from
www.freebase.com/m/02fv74y	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	What type of license does tolka park dublin have?
www.freebase.com/m/04mzlxh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f037kg	what tracks are recorded by mark selby?
www.freebase.com/m/0103xh8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03zrpn7	What album was the oath recorded for
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bxzqw8	who plays midfielder in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/01vgtv	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04mldd	what did marc blitzstein write
www.freebase.com/m/03z816g	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is philippe herreweghe edition
www.freebase.com/m/0cp4fx_	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0kqlbv	what is an auto parts company?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_ddhg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03fpkx	who is the artist from the album  the very best of jimmie rodgers
www.freebase.com/m/08y57f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is jay hook known for being
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03z6bf	what is a netflix drama
www.freebase.com/m/026d8j3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are the colors of olympia high school?
www.freebase.com/m/01st8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03ts0c	what ethnicity is pierre de bourdeille, seigneur de brant√¥me
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrqsh	what are some topical drugs
www.freebase.com/m/0cc917y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Michael T. Kaufman?
www.freebase.com/m/027zj8z	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/royal_line	www.freebase.com/m/025s4qp	What is the royal line of philip i, count of schaumburg-lippe
www.freebase.com/m/04t51z5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03ynh	what is the book fixed ideas about
www.freebase.com/m/0cnymp4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cfhb	which artist made the album  in live concert at the royal albert hall
www.freebase.com/m/08q273	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/066crd	what is a game developed by next level games
www.freebase.com/m/01lxgly	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pjt87	which track did fischer-z make
www.freebase.com/m/0fzyp8j	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format in which junk of myth '92-'95 was released
www.freebase.com/m/0cq2358	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04hmvx	What is a title in the late night comedies genre of netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04g8xl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	what kind of game is abuse
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5t6s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07799g	What is a dramas based on a book
www.freebase.com/m/026slbh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01pgbg	where is west bradley located at?
www.freebase.com/m/026q06_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l4syf	What artist released seed of memory?
www.freebase.com/m/0hnb75k	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bkg87	who composed the music for the film tere pyar mein?
www.freebase.com/m/04mz28j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what of type of music is stop space return?
www.freebase.com/m/0fby374	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what album compilation type is the album freight train blues
www.freebase.com/m/02s77h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02gwt_x	What kind of company is rambus
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/07s5jlw	what are single-player games
www.freebase.com/m/04vnhw1	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02chbw	who is the publisher associated with boogaloo on second avenue
www.freebase.com/m/053p05c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is v√≠ctor hugo lorenz√≥n's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/024qz_v	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release format of almost acoustic
www.freebase.com/m/02shr7	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/0fbrl	what family was patrick bouvier kennedy a member of
www.freebase.com/m/05_0qh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/017s1k	what did neon park die from?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/089jth	what artist makes pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwwdp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09kqc	What is the subject of the tv program rifftrax
www.freebase.com/m/03vc9d	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was f‚ôØa‚ôØ‚àû released
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0702jd	What's a game released by electronic arts in 1983
www.freebase.com/m/0gfb3xk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What type of movie is the safest way
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0wf42l1	who is a famous person born in france
www.freebase.com/m/01lkwqd	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	what instrument is played by shuggie otis?
www.freebase.com/m/0yvt311	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where was mary jo vath born?
www.freebase.com/m/06gqp00	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	What is the media for the deluge artwork?
www.freebase.com/m/01824vj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06h_5	What artist recorded unchained melody (extended version)?
www.freebase.com/m/04cqrzb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is trevor wright's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmlh7q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What was sheila shaw's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvghsj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c5v2	In which city and state was antonio fenelus born
www.freebase.com/m/0fszzf6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mq2vg4	which tracks are covered in the recording moonwalker?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwh87_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/05397h	What TV show includes the episode anger management
www.freebase.com/m/01w_fh6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is claudio o'connor a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/04xr291	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/075nw5c	who was the publisher for the book edition  history
www.freebase.com/m/05qd_	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/015gm8	which movie was produced by paramount pictures
www.freebase.com/m/0xq9xx_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What genre of film is not over?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3zsj6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album the very best of perry como
www.freebase.com/m/04f16sp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what does matt benson-lidholm do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/035nqyz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sqlft	what is a song on the hopelessly devoted to you, volume 3 album
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxn69	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	in what argentina city did carina ari  die
www.freebase.com/m/013630	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/096g3	where did farinelli die?
www.freebase.com/m/02vvm05	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04fcjt	which record label is dres with?
www.freebase.com/m/027vky	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is frank costanza's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02wysmp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	The characters of dakota speak what?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/043n1l0	what orbits around the sun
www.freebase.com/m/01nfznt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is shenmue jukebox?
www.freebase.com/m/033bvdv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n6pxm2	Name a track from the release plug in + play
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01ssq_q	Name a rock and roll artist
www.freebase.com/m/01j0kp8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the album content type of forever more: the greatest hits of john tesh
www.freebase.com/m/0bwrrl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ludwig traube's gender
www.freebase.com/m/017gvf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01th4s	Which label signed the artist soft cell
www.freebase.com/m/095w_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bvc51g	who was born in budapest
www.freebase.com/m/03fllb1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dnr5ym	what tracks are on the album keep on rollin'
www.freebase.com/m/05dj8wt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/06y16t2	whats an episode from late night with conan o'brien - season 6
www.freebase.com/m/0dtcvst	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is the album black coffee best of the decca years
www.freebase.com/m/09168c	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0bftgq	who was the founder of price stern sloan
www.freebase.com/m/02hw_q1	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/02lx0	witch country speaks nauete language
www.freebase.com/m/0g90dtx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which region in the world is black pearl released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsy11	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	What is the active ingredient in titanium dioxide and zinc oxide 0.077/0.038 gel?
www.freebase.com/m/015sz8k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02048b	which artist recorded  indiana rainbow
www.freebase.com/m/0ddp_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	what is the lost battalion
www.freebase.com/m/06c62	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0b6h3zw	who is a famous person form in rome
www.freebase.com/m/021gk7	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/054cl5	What's a game made by origin systems
www.freebase.com/m/0f3xgzh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release format of boom
www.freebase.com/m/038qpxb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lnvw6f	What is a song from hier komt de storm: 1980-1990 live (disc 1)?
www.freebase.com/m/022vl3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0530zw	where is brindisi located in
www.freebase.com/m/0dp6040	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	Is doomsday a dvd or a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/04v10bf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was waiting for godot: a bilingual edition published
www.freebase.com/m/0py5b	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/032xrj	what is a movie directed by john hughes
www.freebase.com/m/0ps26	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05qx1	what country is tocumen international airport located in
www.freebase.com/m/0b8zqd	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_player/batting_style	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	which hand does he use
www.freebase.com/m/04j171b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was the amy & isabelle filmed
www.freebase.com/m/05h6b7	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0ccvx	What neighborhood is lefrak city located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/06_lrb	what films has john williams contributed music to
www.freebase.com/m/045b9wt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is george evans
www.freebase.com/m/03hftrb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/025txrl	who published spyro: season of ice
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05twfwy	what i the tittle of the 2009 documentary film directed by Jean-Marie T√©no
www.freebase.com/m/05958s	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08rc1l	Who was born in phalaborwa
www.freebase.com/m/0gm0_1f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what kinds of movie is reviving ophelia
www.freebase.com/m/010bdw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04n6kt0	Who was born in victoria
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22fk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0c3hq	which title is considered classic dramas
www.freebase.com/m/02p68d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05rwg1	What label is michael bolton signed under
www.freebase.com/m/0g2050	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what netflix genre does trembling before g-d belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03h_yfh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0slbgjc	Who sang nat king cole?
www.freebase.com/m/0dj3r7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What country was aalvar originally released in?
www.freebase.com/m/049qx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	what genre of music is kylie minogue known for
www.freebase.com/m/0ckpxt	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0c0_ph	which films have larry fessenden produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0qdklrx	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what media format was 1999 / little red corvette recored on
www.freebase.com/m/02gz8b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	Where did max baer (boxer) die in LA
www.freebase.com/m/0lgy976	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0371dk0	What album was baby released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02qkx10	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does jason lydiate play
www.freebase.com/m/0t14r	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone is the city New Sharon located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h63ghw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is bhanwara spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0_yvnxq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01pj7	what country is the film see you in one year! from
www.freebase.com/m/026m86r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xpq9	what city and state did ezra stone pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/0gdv7lh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0zxyhtb	which song is found in the recording blues
www.freebase.com/m/01q02hw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	what is judith lefeber's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/09bw4_	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03mc00l	Who was jumper (film) written by?
www.freebase.com/m/0g64_q2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03jvrc	Who is a producer from the recording like a prayer
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01n347d	Who is a dance music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/018ljb	www.freebase.com/user/jg/default_domain/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/06gxk	What is a sport that was played during the 1912 summer olympics?
www.freebase.com/m/02qwtf6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where was the film eva first released in
www.freebase.com/m/02rgkv2	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	Which countries were involved in the castille war
www.freebase.com/m/04ddm4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	what type of movie was jaws 3-d
www.freebase.com/m/0hndy3x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rg4d	Which city was frank dascoli born?
www.freebase.com/m/02rq1d7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	What genre of film is rooster?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4p4j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which topics are the core of the argument in the other american revolution
www.freebase.com/m/03h2c	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/069964	Where is motagua river located?
www.freebase.com/m/051w5w4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position is joel riddez charged of
www.freebase.com/m/0cvc9ps	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/0325n5	What's a movie that was shown at the 2010 fantasia festival
www.freebase.com/m/04y7j9z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fwc0	Where was the place of birth of nate parker
www.freebase.com/m/0bh6t3y	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what position did koa misi play in football?
www.freebase.com/m/02q4_pn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02bd41	Where is temanggung regency located?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhgkmv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is sharon dickman's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04nl51v	Who's a hungarian voice actor
www.freebase.com/m/08ymfq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which soccer position does  john barnwell play
www.freebase.com/m/02vmxk0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what is the film language of singles
www.freebase.com/m/0g4p992	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/042q3	who wrote the lyrics for willkommen und abschied
www.freebase.com/m/0h0_6m	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0byc_9g	Name a film directed by Larry Hankin.
www.freebase.com/m/07kg0mk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the last time released under?
www.freebase.com/m/08p8jc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was brothers originally in 
www.freebase.com/m/0fhmxr	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0qzdpd1	who was trudell produced by
www.freebase.com/m/026pmj5	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0k_s5	Which area can hyde park be found in
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0zfqj32	Name a biographical film directed by Dylan Fries and Michael Sanders
www.freebase.com/m/01w4p8	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is arun in 
www.freebase.com/m/0t3v6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country is the small city farmington
www.freebase.com/m/05xkls	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was timothy hines born
www.freebase.com/m/038_2f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05vw7	Where was victor canning born?
www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0834s9	who is a famous american football player?
www.freebase.com/m/039gp09	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lrycz5	What's a song released on 19990214-20050213
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048xmj9	Name a city in united states
www.freebase.com/m/05hg8c	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	What type of service does scottish widows provide?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8nn5	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/058y23j	Who did the film production design for the movie without limits?
www.freebase.com/m/0t5rsm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qqwp9	who is responsible for well (baby please don't go)?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7slz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	What is tibor f√°bi√°n's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/07yjs5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is the italian stefano sardo from
www.freebase.com/m/0n_9j	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048wstb	which city is within barrow county, georgia
www.freebase.com/m/04jjm0d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	What sort of music do the the mercurymen play
www.freebase.com/m/0ck7mlx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what category of film is anastasia: the czar's last daughter
www.freebase.com/m/08phg9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23f0	what genre is star trek categorized as
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_place_of_origin/military_units	www.freebase.com/m/02rz9tq	what military unit is based in illinois
www.freebase.com/m/02872sd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rj0	which country is vatnafj√∂ll in
www.freebase.com/m/01m2gct	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was if we could only see us now
www.freebase.com/m/08zcsn	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/065ky	Where is the mountain larrun located
www.freebase.com/m/0f5_n9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06k5_	What state is phalodi within
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/04n19d9	whats the name of a game whose genre is action game
www.freebase.com/m/02q788	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsgm_	what drug contains magnesium chloride as the active ingredient 
www.freebase.com/m/04rq8l	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03vqn6	who directed stage beauty
www.freebase.com/m/0222kd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09gffrd	Who's a football player born in banja luka
www.freebase.com/m/0d5zy	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_k0fm0	what is a musical composition by jean sibelius
www.freebase.com/m/0gvtsyv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	which genre of music is the album torches in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hl5n9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/059wk	Which video game company released tennis?
www.freebase.com/m/07lgyny	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/06l4rl	what tv series has an episode called dear john
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01jt5qs	what artist performs rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvrknc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	how did mukesh duggal die
www.freebase.com/m/0fq3myh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What type of film is women everywhere
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09k6k2v	what is located in brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/0zqwdr9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0w_hwh_	What recording includes the track don't look down
www.freebase.com/m/0g_tkyv	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/04c2m8	in what topic gallery does the image vasculitis in
www.freebase.com/m/03czds5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01bgqv	who wrote circle of friends
www.freebase.com/m/0dgr3p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is joe gauthreaux's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/092b5m	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What sort of game is jurassic park interactive
www.freebase.com/m/02hm10z	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/01qs76	what platform can pocket kingdom: 0wn the w0rld be played on 
www.freebase.com/m/08xzq4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What is the genre of hunters moon
www.freebase.com/m/0dphnk5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ww_vs	Which artist made cars
www.freebase.com/m/03d88q8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was used in the tv program  citykids
www.freebase.com/m/0dnt__s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	what types of music is used by heavy winged
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjv79	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is keppra 1000 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/024cl	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_type/mountains_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/027b5f3	Name a caldera mountain.
www.freebase.com/m/027hqny	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is h. tristram engelhardt, jr. best known for
www.freebase.com/m/0zfswfm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	vienna is what notable type
www.freebase.com/m/027js4h	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is on the wrong trek in?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3z0vn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where was thomas beatty born
www.freebase.com/m/03jfqvc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was pusher ii released?
www.freebase.com/m/0j11dkx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of florence elsie ellis?
www.freebase.com/m/031pcp_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ktf1rm	which song tracks are in the album brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhfyns	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	Is there a label for marie curie: more than meets the eye
www.freebase.com/m/02_bfvf	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/066kp	what game console is rally fusion: race of champions played on?
www.freebase.com/m/03jc332	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01clyr	which label released no second chance
www.freebase.com/m/047tyw7	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/03rhlt	what film was terry o. morse the editor for 
www.freebase.com/m/0g82v3	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_publisher/comic_book_series_published	www.freebase.com/m/07py4	What is a comic book series that egmont group has published?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh5hk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	What was the subject of a history of terrorism
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt891	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	is halibut 0.05 injectable solution an over the counter or prescription drug?
www.freebase.com/m/0h46ty	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jes√∫s balmori's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0p63s96	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	which city was gustaf unger born in
www.freebase.com/m/04t2m2n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/036nz	what subject is when presidents lie written about
www.freebase.com/m/04k3xb	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0d0y7	What battle did gouverneur k. warren participate in
www.freebase.com/m/01w8zb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dp657v	What is the name of an album released by archie shepp
www.freebase.com/m/02v5k3	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/07q1v4	Who did the music for cool world?
www.freebase.com/m/0hf7	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0bxn4	what is a austroasiatic languages language
www.freebase.com/m/04j2tsg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0q00t	what kinds of movie is jim breuer: heavy metal comedy in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y2h0x	which asteroid belt was discovered in 1995?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl_k86	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what country is semshook filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03grhv8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is daniel london male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03jxc	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01rjqb	what building was named after emperor hadrian
www.freebase.com/m/0ghl0nl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03rj0	what country is the tv show  amer√≠ski draumurinn from
www.freebase.com/m/04rtr6	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is the occupation of kojo annan?
www.freebase.com/m/0d5qyb	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/06prh0	What is something that gavriil ilizarov invented?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8mkmw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jg5_	The film "Sun Come Up" is in what language?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gd_4fr	What is the name of an album
www.freebase.com/m/0f24t1w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03xs374	Name a release from the recording springfield
www.freebase.com/m/056dqt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cqspr	What is a track by eighteen visions?
www.freebase.com/m/0bp92q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where did the tv show city of angels originate
www.freebase.com/m/0fwmbps	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the music Anthology released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02rj1sk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is the mode type for the maze of galious
www.freebase.com/m/073h5r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/025t8wz	which record label signed wendy and lisa
www.freebase.com/m/04j12tn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What type of film is reaching for the moon
www.freebase.com/m/03xsclb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dprq4y	whats the name of the track from the release the commons
www.freebase.com/m/0kbg6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/065mx_	what fictional characters did chris claremont create
www.freebase.com/m/03wh5zk	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does stavros georgiou play in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/02pbk5j	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v75dg	who is the author of the vote hezbollah album
www.freebase.com/m/0hr3xxm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does drew make?
www.freebase.com/m/08fqth	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution_campus/educational_institution	www.freebase.com/m/08fqth	which school is on the hibbing community college campus
www.freebase.com/m/07fvqhq	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/mentions	www.freebase.com/m/04474q	who was mentioned in the review of u2 3d at www.villagevoice.com
www.freebase.com/m/0gjb4c	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was jump in! filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0_pm0	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mvfd	Which county is wagner located in
www.freebase.com/m/0hhpmyv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what is the genre of the artist lola yo ªldosheva
www.freebase.com/m/0nbxyhc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	who is pastor
www.freebase.com/m/0kzd9hq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0321x8c	which released has hounded as the track?
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06b_s_	which university is located in germany
www.freebase.com/m/0nf2vnl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0bm4j	Where is the place of birth of nodar gabunia
www.freebase.com/m/0b75vrh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	what genre of music is blue sky noise considered 
www.freebase.com/m/0vs46br	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02_4fn	who wrote the story for the film moebius?
www.freebase.com/m/01lzgqt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06czq	what kind of music does shabba ranks make
www.freebase.com/m/0f9x7r	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jvtmq	who was the executive producer of home of the brave
www.freebase.com/m/01w7nrz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dwkxt5	what tracks are by blockhead (music)
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/064qprf	What's a community in california
www.freebase.com/m/049l3mv	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	which record label was je te dis vous released under
www.freebase.com/m/04_r_b	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is langesund 
www.freebase.com/m/04t4wvz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	which subject is the book the loud silence of francine green based on
www.freebase.com/m/025yt18	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is the gameplay mode of madden football 64
www.freebase.com/m/09_dfl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01q03	What kind of film is from dusk til dawn 2: texas blood money?
www.freebase.com/m/03yj7lh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position did ryan charles play
www.freebase.com/m/0c2nqj	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/097r55	which northern european ethnic group does mark cavendish belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01wbykm	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09lbv	what is the profession of omar abidi
www.freebase.com/m/0b83rn	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	what kind of school is bishop neumann high school?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2k51	which 1993 thriller (genre) films released in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0wd_r9b	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/017mf4	who is the parent of juno fleck
www.freebase.com/m/02189	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02d42c	Who founded communist party of china?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxrmrh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/07m9q	what is the active ingredient in problen libido
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0mp1f	What's a united states in the US
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lhfrm	who is a rock music artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0lvw14z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03bbjlw	what was released in free
www.freebase.com/m/0dczyd	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	what industry does cipsoft operate in
www.freebase.com/m/01hj3vs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is the christmas collection?
www.freebase.com/m/0wp87jm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where is emmerich sch√§ffer from
www.freebase.com/m/0g1gmh5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_2z92	what are the tracks listed in the release up?
www.freebase.com/m/07r4c	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/05nclzw	What is a composition created by tori amos
www.freebase.com/m/0hnbp01	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What language do north african americans speak?
www.freebase.com/m/04_rm0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0210xy	Who was involved in battle of averasborough?
www.freebase.com/m/0bxmqx	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/05qd_	which company produced make way for tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/05c8c9g	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/transit_system	www.freebase.com/m/031btb	What transit system is oc transpo route 694 a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0dmh22	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	What genre is strange wilderness in on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvgwpn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs4ff	who is the artist that created the recording titled  raise my rent
www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fmx22	Name a journalist.
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06gtp2	Name a musical film starring michael j fox
www.freebase.com/m/0v9x2vn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jdtt	Which city was john frenchie berger born in?
www.freebase.com/m/09s0lr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what type of film is the 14 amazons
www.freebase.com/m/0gbhvs5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n0smbj	What is the track list of go 2?
www.freebase.com/m/01m10n1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	What classification of music is blue eyed blues?
www.freebase.com/m/01kxkcz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was jazz & blues collection 18: louis jordan
www.freebase.com/m/04sxh1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d2lt	Where did hugh despenser the younger perish
www.freebase.com/m/0dzpjp	www.freebase.com/book/school_or_movement/associated_authors	www.freebase.com/m/0fr8y	Who is an associated author of decadent movement?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3b	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0hr3rc5	What is the name of an event that took place in the atlantic ocean?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8h4n	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02_wd93	What is the name of a game version developed by pipeworks software
www.freebase.com/m/0nvjh	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0s89w	where is iroquois county located 
www.freebase.com/m/02hxyj0	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/06n1j	what language is derived from the chintang language?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03m66j2	what is a 1998 speculative fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/06c10	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/059p3	what film was  robert j. flaherty the producer of
www.freebase.com/m/04ljx6c	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of ruby rose?
www.freebase.com/m/09bx8g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0lmzd_	what is a recorded version of evolution
www.freebase.com/m/07pbmr	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/mascot	www.freebase.com/m/0h71srh	whats the mascot of  western new england university
www.freebase.com/m/0d6_3x	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is treasure island filmed
www.freebase.com/m/027714q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	which genre is wonderful 
www.freebase.com/m/0bx3hs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where can one find double island point
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmkz6	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is nicotine 4 lozenge available?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_b2t1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dpt_tj	which track was in the release oklahoma
www.freebase.com/m/02qc5q0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/07vr92g	what type of operation is market harborough building society?
www.freebase.com/m/03grlmp	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/04dzkt0	who was the editor of show of hands
www.freebase.com/m/02vn8yl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nation is alex newport from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc2b95	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0zlgm	which county in  Pennsylvania  is dick capri from 
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hzrg9	what studio album was released in 1971 by deep purple?
www.freebase.com/m/07q1v4	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/07yp01	what film did mark isham contribute music to
www.freebase.com/m/01vxxqm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zc5zl	what are some of the tracks produced by odb?
www.freebase.com/m/09z8_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	what film genre is another gay movie
www.freebase.com/m/07s6gwb	www.freebase.com/film/film_series/films_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/033g4d	what is a film in the lethal weapon series
www.freebase.com/m/04j0yqx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What genre of film is the moving of sophia myles?
www.freebase.com/m/0x4pfym	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0xlbhy0	who recorded alaska
www.freebase.com/m/03y52fk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 16901 johnbrooks orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/07z4qy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	What is mu ursae majoris an example of
www.freebase.com/m/01fv4lw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is minus ten and counting
www.freebase.com/m/05cktb	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01n0t1n	Name a release produced by mannie fresh.
www.freebase.com/m/01vvyc_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f2q8ff	Name a track from 50 cent.
www.freebase.com/m/04ydvw_	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/026ck	who directed the film the avenging conscience?
www.freebase.com/m/06_ms14	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	which city contains us post office-kensington
www.freebase.com/m/01bt87	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v610t	What is a book that laura ingalls wilder authored?
www.freebase.com/m/04wkvh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_genre/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0bvb9js	what is a landscape artwork
www.freebase.com/m/0388gw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was amy vanderbilt born 
www.freebase.com/m/0r4x30	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ldbmsq	what is a track in the recording closer
www.freebase.com/m/01shmj1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	what style of music is the flamingo trigger
www.freebase.com/m/0gbx187	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jan stawarz's sex
www.freebase.com/m/03gvy0d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of mazer in prison?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/08pl9v	who are examples of centerman hockey players?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv82	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/drug_class	www.freebase.com/m/0hqyw4l	what kind of drug is valproic acid?
www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02wxd80	who is an american football player
www.freebase.com/m/01h2wg2	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fgrm	which film had the soundtrack mulan bonus cd
www.freebase.com/m/026yh6k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	what label does wiz khalifa record under
www.freebase.com/m/02jg92	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g8z8cz	what is a song by gregg allman
www.freebase.com/m/0x1rc	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nlr2	What country contains grass range, montana
www.freebase.com/m/01vs4hg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03rlps	what style of music does kieran hebden belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0m7xnhr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/04ck49t	What release is big a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0bn6s9	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0260mm4	which film did dimitry elyashkevich produce
www.freebase.com/m/02ph9c5	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	in what format is the radio station lithium
www.freebase.com/m/04czg6c	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0413z0b	What film festival featured the film a christmas tale
www.freebase.com/m/0490j_6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvnp	Where is rend city located?
www.freebase.com/m/0g2dw1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is larry hite's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/075rv4y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What kind of film is im so lonesome i could cry?
www.freebase.com/m/01h3n7v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what kind of music is dancemania speed presents: best of hardcore
www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05v3yl1	What is the name of a political drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/043msfr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What genre is ill wind?
www.freebase.com/m/0df_jv	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	Which position did gene hermanski play during his career
www.freebase.com/m/01t15lg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016_nr	Skyzoo is considered what kind of genre of rap?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6hl1y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gr5k	which city was edward english born 
www.freebase.com/m/0ldrkt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/0qfnkvl	who is the music engineer for china 
www.freebase.com/m/04w27w_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what was written in the face of a stranger
www.freebase.com/m/0n7y161	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	What city was irene kossoy born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ct2lzj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is ambassador college, big sandy, tx in
www.freebase.com/m/03mchl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0vjf9	where was louis raemaekers born
www.freebase.com/m/06lfd_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/069dx	what is the topic of cosmic trigger iii: my life after death
www.freebase.com/m/0jb0t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0crb_dd	which two-part yuri tv program was featured in 2010?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs6xz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	how is remedy nutrashield supposed to be used
www.freebase.com/m/04jhhq5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does jamie brooks make
www.freebase.com/m/04j1fqf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is behind the camera: charlie's angels
www.freebase.com/m/04nfxq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04kr	What is eugene schulter?
www.freebase.com/m/0lrtgq3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039fh0c	what release has a track titled chasing amy
www.freebase.com/m/0g1g_wv	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	what is the recording label that released brain thrust mastery
www.freebase.com/m/01tgtd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	what species is ashley wilkes
www.freebase.com/m/015_8p	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc5d1	stereophonics is a part of what radio broadcast?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmzf6f	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03x6n9	which female artist produced the album carpetbaggers?
www.freebase.com/m/03jkw9m	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the signal released 
www.freebase.com/m/0gc2p5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of marketa hrubesova?
www.freebase.com/m/02sf_r	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0w8my9n	Who played the position of point guard?
www.freebase.com/m/0d40wb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	what city did isaac lea pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/03rwz3	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ksd3y	Name an artist under the label sony pictures entertainment.
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0j_dh8	who is a person with the profession film producer
www.freebase.com/m/043j3y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	Where was victorio born
www.freebase.com/m/07z5n	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02t8rr	which places in vanuatu that are islands?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/021x6t	which universities are located in california?
www.freebase.com/m/04wghd7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/08z4bk	who is the author of ravens in the storm
www.freebase.com/m/07dbr_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	what instrument has daniel gildenl√∂w played
www.freebase.com/m/01wy7hr	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	Which instrument did lou levy play
www.freebase.com/m/0zhywjq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form does the longest road come in 
www.freebase.com/m/05f5_zs	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is carol schrager's religion 
www.freebase.com/m/059wwt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0193f	What is the genre of music does apollo 440 record?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crw8wr	what is an indie film that can be found on netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/01_xw2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlq	What is carl lumbly notable for being
www.freebase.com/m/02x3b0b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is utilized in the film the wool cap
www.freebase.com/m/03ych5t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0grdr	who was the writer of acorn antiques: the musical!
www.freebase.com/m/022g39	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05b7q	Where is South Hwanghae Province located?
www.freebase.com/m/01nhngr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where did opal come from
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08l5n8m	what is a death metal artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0159q4p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/038qc1q	which album is killing ground on
www.freebase.com/m/080y1	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_specialty/diseases_treated	www.freebase.com/m/01fd3y	What is a disease treated by virology?
www.freebase.com/m/03xr7nc	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what format from the release billy?
www.freebase.com/m/026p638	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/07tdrm	Who was the architect of the structure san giovanni dei fiorentini?
www.freebase.com/m/01jy63s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is koto song?
www.freebase.com/m/029bkp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bh8tht	Name a bandleader
www.freebase.com/m/03yhh1v	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 1496 turku orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0f18w3t	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mdyjt4	what is a track on hollow 
www.freebase.com/m/0c7n5f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/094jv	where did giovanni arrighi fall into the big sleep
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0p76zb3	Who is a famous theological writer?
www.freebase.com/m/07s6n17	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/015h31	what does david firth do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/01q7tn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where is malcolm muggeridge's nationality of origin
www.freebase.com/m/01xyy	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fpj18j	Who was born in crete?
www.freebase.com/m/02wx5c5	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	what is hank harris  football position
www.freebase.com/m/03nbwm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	where is baker university located
www.freebase.com/m/047f8hp	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of art does desiderius orban do
www.freebase.com/m/027jmxq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music is kaiaphas
www.freebase.com/m/04t04hm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0170bk	what author wrote heartbreak
www.freebase.com/m/01kh5l6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is a beach full of shells?
www.freebase.com/m/09gdjz_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film soltera in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hbd2sk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What kind of work does peter hutchings do
www.freebase.com/m/01mjth	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0824r	what state is the city Thorp located in
www.freebase.com/m/01601q	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/023k2	what kind of organization is burger king?
www.freebase.com/m/07pzc	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xl36z	which book did tupac shakur write
www.freebase.com/m/02hlxsh	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0857v	what is the developer for nox?
www.freebase.com/m/02vrvv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what film genre is soul train?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6tzfx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fbkws3	WHat's a release from cape town
www.freebase.com/m/016jhr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hysp0	What is the name of a jam band album
www.freebase.com/m/0dvznm_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02qzs2	who released the album israelites
www.freebase.com/m/05mg5k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqss1p	what are the marketed formulations of entecavir
www.freebase.com/m/0lgw7	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hglkgb	Name a photographer.
www.freebase.com/m/02r3x2k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where in California, did fred abbott die?
www.freebase.com/m/02687j4	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	which army contains 47th wisconsin volunteer infantry regiment
www.freebase.com/m/01lfth0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of music does john waite make 
www.freebase.com/m/0fqrf4w	www.freebase.com/sports/school_sports_team/school	www.freebase.com/m/01l8t8	What school associated with the stony brook seawolves men's basketball 
www.freebase.com/m/0bhryw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what is the cvg genre of the game  crash n the boys: street challenge
www.freebase.com/m/037lg5	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0dy04	whats the organization that rudolf iv, duke of austria founded
www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q684f	what is a work created with oil paint
www.freebase.com/m/02rfk0s	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which languages are available for the film blue cat blues?
www.freebase.com/m/0494dd3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nnf2	what location contains spike
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0f9ykv	what's the name of an african american athlete
www.freebase.com/m/03grpps	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	what is the nationality of journalist herb keinon
www.freebase.com/m/0m63c	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/04rcl7	who produced the lion king
www.freebase.com/m/01kjyc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03c2cv	where did  harry allen die
www.freebase.com/m/0g5q_cp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0978r	which city did kenneth macaulay die
www.freebase.com/m/01kphsb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	What is the genre of the album mr. bad example?
www.freebase.com/m/038rjd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01gjw	what is the genre for the album x
www.freebase.com/m/0mqtwxy	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fv2cjs	what album is star the release track on 
www.freebase.com/m/02rrj2w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	Who is george spence
www.freebase.com/m/0rdym9k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01gjw	what type of song is no more rhyme
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mfqqf	what is an example of an indie film?
www.freebase.com/m/01d98n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025s89p	What genre of tv is hey arnold!
www.freebase.com/m/04v4ttf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/03dq14	What kind of binding does girl in landscape have?
www.freebase.com/m/0j25v9l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is emil hossu 
www.freebase.com/m/01p6vpl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k11	which label do the ames bros belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0wxjs_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031jbx5	the recording chicago was released with what
www.freebase.com/m/03cpt8m	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05ymrz	Who's album is the mark of the judas?
www.freebase.com/m/03h4kdm	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	which people group does ori kritz belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03xlm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	what was indira gandhi's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/03y0qj3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	around which main star does 20109 alicelandis gravitate
www.freebase.com/m/05dlx7d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02ryx4x	what tv series is the pilot in
www.freebase.com/m/04ld8px	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01t9_0	which company produced hot enough for june
www.freebase.com/m/03g17m5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0pxyg	which artist made sonny stitt bud powell j.j. johnson
www.freebase.com/m/0w4jfl7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	Which state was bryan freddie scott born in?
www.freebase.com/m/02q44yq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of program is the marshal
www.freebase.com/m/08dptp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of georg misch?
www.freebase.com/m/0zxftyk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is house by the river composed in
www.freebase.com/m/0h665lx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is (484600 1991 rh6?
www.freebase.com/m/039yp5	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/0h6fnpd	who was the film casting director for the frighteners
www.freebase.com/m/04v4sg7	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/03ccf1h	what book is a part of the ghost
www.freebase.com/m/04lxnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqwdbv	What's a track from don omar
www.freebase.com/m/02n_lc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01_6r78	In which zip code is home insurance building?
www.freebase.com/m/04sx6sd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What is the profession of arnaud demuynck
www.freebase.com/m/09t6md	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gqm3	where was ayumi shibata born
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t0fcc	What is the name of a fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/09dwyf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does gustav ejstes play?
www.freebase.com/m/09336r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/062qg	where is samantha jade from 
www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dtbz7	what are some electronic dance music artists?
www.freebase.com/m/02psntl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	Where is the location of Champaign Township?
www.freebase.com/m/045n5s4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03xgwm	who is the author of the book the golden
www.freebase.com/m/0d5bwq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ggyr	where was lorenzo boturini benaduci born
www.freebase.com/m/0gfj9pn	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	what is juan delis baseball position
www.freebase.com/m/01lbcqx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5pqv	What genre does casino royale fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/01lyt7d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lyt1t	What is an album by justin hayward?
www.freebase.com/m/081ths	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	Where did ulrich von hassell die
www.freebase.com/m/0gg7c08	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0d_fsc	what event was included in  battle of ebrahimkhel
www.freebase.com/m/03643dh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lcgtg5	what track was named in the release of  the ultimate pink panther
www.freebase.com/m/01cxy_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04fnrhx	what position does sisavang vatthana hold 
www.freebase.com/m/0n11k4w	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0lhkr2	what is the recording from like a rolling stone?
www.freebase.com/m/07sz1	www.freebase.com/law/court/inferior_courts	www.freebase.com/m/05vpz5	what are courts that are inferior to supreme court of the united states
www.freebase.com/m/04psf	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/09c48l	who is a person whose cause of death was leukemia
www.freebase.com/m/0cryg12	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the film red norvo: jazz masters series filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0rspwqk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fx3tvk	what is the release track on ecuador 
www.freebase.com/m/0kwgd	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is macon county a division of
www.freebase.com/m/0hz1xxb	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01vylt	who wrote les dites cariatides bis
www.freebase.com/m/02z6vdc	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w64_4	What work was written by donald preziosi
www.freebase.com/m/02wl47v	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/02ryw0f	what film did paul hoen direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0cp0j32	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	what type of music is jon kintz 
www.freebase.com/m/04t3rcg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what literary genre does the work the return of the indian fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/035fb6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	is jos√© figueroa alcorta from argentina or costa rica
www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0r6sg	what lake is located in the  pacific time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0d0jr7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of literary work is a cry in the night?
www.freebase.com/m/03zqq6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xn7q	where did edward i. edwards pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0412ypg	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does h√©ctor gim√©nez play
www.freebase.com/m/0g9pl3z	www.freebase.com/base/roses/roses/type_of_rose	www.freebase.com/m/0bqzm_	what type of rose is rosa 'frau karl druschki'
www.freebase.com/m/04jql_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	is james mccudden from the united kingdom or france
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dsj97t	Name a compilation album by Johnny Cash
www.freebase.com/m/0b0yr_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vn0t_	which queen band member composed the song liar?
www.freebase.com/m/05kb83	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does hichem meza√Ør play?
www.freebase.com/m/0pkpths	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01n7	what is nepal
www.freebase.com/m/04d_5sz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	what kind of music is 21st century power pop riot
www.freebase.com/m/051x53g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what types of movie is memorial: letters from american soldiers
www.freebase.com/m/06f6jf	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_breeder/horses_bred	www.freebase.com/m/0g5sbs0	which horse was bred by the breeder paul mellon
www.freebase.com/m/0f8vng9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8vp52	What is a track on the release places like this?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09v3jhv	What is the name of a person who was involved in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/04mxvt3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	What kind of game is microsoft international soccer 2000
www.freebase.com/m/0zsxp34	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/016yx7	which subject is the topic title boxing club thornton
www.freebase.com/m/0jb0577	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0265hfv	what series is amerigo vespucci from?
www.freebase.com/m/0nv3g4c	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g8zb1j	What was the release for the release track baby?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmg85c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0v_vl4x	what recording does girls just want to have fun come from
www.freebase.com/m/02z3w1y	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of music is resolver
www.freebase.com/m/04gm9hy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01tjsl	Where is compassberg located
www.freebase.com/m/04z_wqr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is roger friedman from
www.freebase.com/m/0f3xfp6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	the platinum collection is what type of album?
www.freebase.com/m/0whv74g	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/director	www.freebase.com/m/0whv8gs	Who was the director of the theater production "White"?
www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whzzv	What's a book about the world
www.freebase.com/m/0y54z46	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of c.j. perry?
www.freebase.com/m/0crx4hm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language spoken in triple dog
www.freebase.com/m/0b4x29	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02wbm	what type of business is the operation zaxbys
www.freebase.com/m/0ygd7	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0n49f	what county is youngsville in?
www.freebase.com/m/0m5tr8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is babylon
www.freebase.com/m/0zhsq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m7d0	Which county is liberty located in
www.freebase.com/m/043kjrm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	which country is manuela azevedo from
www.freebase.com/m/0f_lj6p	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fyhy6q	what is a song on fairytales of amazonia
www.freebase.com/m/03sww	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbxgp	What station would ice-t be played on
www.freebase.com/m/0dk835t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r00l	where in california did eddie garr pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0kxccjc	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is velu prabhakaran's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds0cs6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	what type of music is love cpr?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y5_0l	what steroid was discovered on September 12, 1991
www.freebase.com/m/04zw9fc	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	Which position is played by ollie sax
www.freebase.com/m/0gtnrnf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is kang dae-jin male or female
www.freebase.com/m/017gg2y	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	who was the artist credited for writing the empire strikes back: imperial march
www.freebase.com/m/0c1xm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03hm405	Who was born in dakar?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz6x3s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of cecilia de mille
www.freebase.com/m/0crwdwy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of movie is legend of the witches
www.freebase.com/m/0q_wx1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03jvzq	Who produced fever (hot sweat 12\\" mix)?
www.freebase.com/m/03gqmqv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what kind of film is rose of the rancho in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch8_lj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	where did manuel mur oti spend the last day of his life?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqvll3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/011_yk	what is the active moiety in pentazocine/naloxone
www.freebase.com/m/03jkbz	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01wtjd	who was involved in the battle of pu≈Çtusk
www.freebase.com/m/015kgk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cl0d	what is david gates's label
www.freebase.com/m/025vbcb	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/02ky346	in what field does american welding society functions
www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0h0hdm	who plays catcher
www.freebase.com/m/0cc5prd	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02ts3h	who produced the film ride or die
www.freebase.com/m/0bfkszn	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was no line on the horizon released 
www.freebase.com/m/02kfyr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02z18hb	What is an album by McFly
www.freebase.com/m/09889g	www.freebase.com/base/eating/practicer_of_diet/diet	www.freebase.com/m/07_jd	what diet did michael jackson practice
www.freebase.com/m/0crxr3	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_series	www.freebase.com/m/013rpk	an easter carol is a part of what film series?
www.freebase.com/m/035p_1r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l9z0tl	what is a track from boiled in lead (old lead) 
www.freebase.com/m/03srb9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gxbmr9	What is the genre on netflix you could find the movie the haunting in?
www.freebase.com/m/074yv4	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/027q26b	what is a movie written by robert c. cooper
www.freebase.com/m/02pt2x2	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/073nm7	steve wilson played what american football position
www.freebase.com/m/02r97hj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	Is esimene eesti tuur a studio album or a live album
www.freebase.com/m/053chtd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was Buddy Giovinazzo born?
www.freebase.com/m/04gpfmp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/06h4z	who is the lyricist of ramblin' on my mind?
www.freebase.com/m/0cm9chc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m49ft	Who released the best of freda payne: ten best series
www.freebase.com/m/031r89d	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	in what region was discgrotesque released
www.freebase.com/m/0zqf6gp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01qvs9m	Who is the composer of the song youre only jealous?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyrgwp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01mtt	what type of videogame is puzzle chronicles
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/05q9mnh	what's an example of a multiplayer game?
www.freebase.com/m/04zh9h	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	What ethnic group of people does dennis ross belong to
www.freebase.com/m/027fvmt	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	which musical instrument is played by adubq
www.freebase.com/m/013y_8n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/09889g	Who is the producer behind earth song (hanis radio experience)?
www.freebase.com/m/01kqx3j	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is symphonies nos. 1 & 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_9b2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what is the genre for love in sampan
www.freebase.com/m/043ld0j	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	What city is the neighborhood izumich≈ç, chiyoda, tokyo in
www.freebase.com/m/032sh0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where did gregg toland die
www.freebase.com/m/065b9j	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/0883t	Where is the mouth of the  pelly river?
www.freebase.com/m/03jg0qm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is wristcutters: a love story
www.freebase.com/m/0249jrg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/039sv_f	What album has red be heard on 
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/02r5xh5	Name a location in the central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0j9f7s7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/051x79y	which tv program was the episode john edwards released in
www.freebase.com/m/01n5f5	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zx5_x7	what did daniel ash compose?
www.freebase.com/m/06z31wj	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease_cause/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/09hbx	what disease comes from a high sodium diet?
www.freebase.com/m/05knkx	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/focus_city_for	www.freebase.com/m/041rl0	what airlines operate at shenzhen bao'an international airport?
www.freebase.com/m/08fnc6	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01llp5	name eudokia ingerina's child
www.freebase.com/m/04f45h9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7d95	what is the kirton railway station known as
www.freebase.com/m/0_qqp9g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	what is the nationality of mastur
www.freebase.com/m/02j8z	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t39rr	What is a book title about evolution?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7bb5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	where was the discovery of 4064 marjorie made?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0j3qwr2	what is a fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/013rfk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01htjtc	What is the third album by The Cult?
www.freebase.com/m/02wwc1p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country produces code name phoenix
www.freebase.com/m/0268tw6	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/non_profit_extra/classification	www.freebase.com/m/0ppgxy_	What type of school is urban prep academies?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhdjz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/016sp7x	whats the name of the canonical version of little rock
www.freebase.com/m/065y644	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	which city was gustav von franck born
www.freebase.com/m/0498y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0493wvr	What is the name of a community in kentucky?
www.freebase.com/m/0j58y	www.freebase.com/architecture/type_of_museum/museums	www.freebase.com/m/0gk42v	What is a science museum in north carolina 
www.freebase.com/m/02rfnsx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04z2hx	What genre of book is pole to pole
www.freebase.com/m/0myntyf	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/024tnp	whos a parent of  steele hunter
www.freebase.com/m/064n_vk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what kind of music does d√∫n√© make?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbwrl6	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/01s_jsb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music does the the fireballs play 
www.freebase.com/m/03d78j8	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/019x_7	where did battle of bita paka happen?
www.freebase.com/m/0305hmt	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was keepsakes originally released
www.freebase.com/m/0_jlznf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03j0yy7	what is the name of the composer of heather
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gc2586	Name a film producer .
www.freebase.com/m/04p7zcd	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0rj0z	which city is birch park finger streets located 
www.freebase.com/m/0dmjp6r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is simon birch?
www.freebase.com/m/070b0_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is andrew mckenna known for
www.freebase.com/m/03xlrb8	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/appellation	www.freebase.com/m/026b9gc	where is 2005 martin ray napa valley cabernet sauvignon created 
www.freebase.com/m/0nnfnsq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nsc9_r	which track is part of always
www.freebase.com/m/025g__	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02z4h7b	Who would is a j-pop artist
www.freebase.com/m/02vg5b	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqm33m	which drug was manufactured by hy-vee
www.freebase.com/m/04v26k0	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	The my teacher is an alien comes in one of which formats?
www.freebase.com/m/07hyq6	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is the ethnicity of michelle perry?
www.freebase.com/m/022g44	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	What is david hemmings's ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6v_r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037vrmm	what is the release of the song solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0j8b0jw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0s6dd	Where did peter spelson die?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gvstny	What is the name of a film that is considered a thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/03cmqc	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_creator/characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0231pt	which character was created by judd winick
www.freebase.com/m/0d_l7m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the composition i get around?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs5n_z	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the dread filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/065_x04	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025tjk_	what kind of music does d-sisive make?
www.freebase.com/m/013jz2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04zygvq	Who is a person from youngstown
www.freebase.com/m/0gx9yr4	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/063fty	who was the director of  identification marks: none
www.freebase.com/m/045blk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ljsz	where did hugh mercer's life end?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/01zrj6	what programs are the genre fantasy?
www.freebase.com/m/0sl5kf5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/02x93k2	which song is a recording of ave maria?
www.freebase.com/m/043t8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0853g	what is paul hutchison's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0272p43	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre is kao u snu ‚Äì ekv live 1991
www.freebase.com/m/0yq2yxb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	where was lee eun-ju born 
www.freebase.com/m/04yf593	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	what city did joachim rumohr pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0bfs8l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_mechanism_of_action/drugs_with_this_mechanism_of_action	www.freebase.com/m/07gn0l	What's an example of a dopamine agonist
www.freebase.com/m/02rz7rn	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/048g08	what area of activism is edward m. strait involved in
www.freebase.com/m/021ykr	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/focus_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01qg_n	which city does the airline braniff international airways focus on
www.freebase.com/m/048hby	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where was otto jelinek born
www.freebase.com/m/0bhbxny	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of music is take a look
www.freebase.com/m/05df6y7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/09hd7g	who directed the pilot for threat matrix 
www.freebase.com/m/01msq99	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc993	what radio station broadcasted a man called adam
www.freebase.com/m/02xry	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05vy6n	What historic sites are in florida 
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hlhgs	Name a game published by electronic arts
www.freebase.com/m/04y8l3x	www.freebase.com/computer/software/languages_used	www.freebase.com/m/060kv	which computer language is used for mindtouch
www.freebase.com/m/04t0brk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What kind of novel is the demon headmaster?
www.freebase.com/m/0mv0v4b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02kvl3l	what is wilhelm schamoni's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/0cmb60s	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which war was fritz albrecht a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02bpqpc	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	What kind of license is behind downtown oklahoma city 2005?
www.freebase.com/m/06cs1	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w9x5q	What is the title of a research book?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t0wch	name a book focused on the subject of adventure 
www.freebase.com/m/046qpy	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0kvkp9f	What video game did codemasters release?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdlc6j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is katherine emery from 
www.freebase.com/m/04fm00	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/04q8lxf	what company is in the business process outsourcing industry?
www.freebase.com/m/070zy3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/098zm6	Which district is sariska tiger reserve contained by?
www.freebase.com/m/031jt33	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was zen cd: a ninja tune retrospective released
www.freebase.com/m/024yqw3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ljr515	What's the title track from cruisin'
www.freebase.com/m/049y8q	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	Where did john berchmans die?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm3m1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is the inheritance a drama or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0dwdg_x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dwdg_7	what is the original version of i miss you (radio edit) called
www.freebase.com/m/084t6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/028n3	Where was walter raleigh born
www.freebase.com/m/05px5mv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is murty bvns?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7bs8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_organization	www.freebase.com/m/02wqvb	who is the discovery organization that discovered 12343 martinbeech?
www.freebase.com/m/0vl3v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fcrg	bergeijk is a city located where?
www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/03h1wy5	what game is published by namco
www.freebase.com/m/03rzhs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where was jean-baptiste boussingault's first breath taken
www.freebase.com/m/06zktc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vhrr	who was the artist that released final bell / ghost in the ruins
www.freebase.com/m/01mbnk6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x6c7dg	what is a well known song by todd snider
www.freebase.com/m/08lt2g	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01trsl	What is the ethnicity of billy merasty
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clvnn5	What colleges are in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0269fyn	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/09pggb5	what film did sam zimbalist produce
www.freebase.com/m/04w2618	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what genre is the book compulsion 
www.freebase.com/m/0lttj0n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03b0ks9	Which album has drowning on it 
www.freebase.com/m/04jmltr	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/governing_body	www.freebase.com/m/0f4r5	which agency protects ishi wilderness
www.freebase.com/m/04xpbw2	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0h4st0	Who was the author editor of red
www.freebase.com/m/0c3tq2f	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	What religion does ƒ∞brahim bilgen belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03c_0lk	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t265	Who directed the film luke and the mermaids
www.freebase.com/m/03qlz6y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	What southern california city did francisco mercado, jr. die in?
www.freebase.com/m/07wmh0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0275zl	Who's the author of coin locker babies
www.freebase.com/m/0cc6gmx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l00pg	who is the artist on the album this is tommy dorsey & his orchestra, vol. 1?
www.freebase.com/m/0mzbj	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/focus_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01mz72	In what city does eastern air lines operate?
www.freebase.com/m/020sw2_	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/09fp7n	what is the closest airport to new cumberland
www.freebase.com/m/0d8mg	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/category_of	www.freebase.com/m/061jp	which award is the criticism prize apart of
www.freebase.com/m/04gj_3g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what kind of music can be found on the art of war
www.freebase.com/m/01l9pz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/024g4cd	What is the name of a track by claudio abbado
www.freebase.com/m/05h6pz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ccvx	Where is forest hills gardens
www.freebase.com/m/05614g	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k475h	who is one of the performers that is signed to kindercore records
www.freebase.com/m/0cz7x_b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/056rqd	What is steve southerland's profession
www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wf79p	what books talk about christianity?
www.freebase.com/m/06yty_0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/014dm6	who wrote the tv episode forever free: 1862
www.freebase.com/m/03cg2wb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is the gender of carmen consuelo cerezo that of male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0qr3m	what are some examples of places in the mountain time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/01z1jf2	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/01wmzc	what dish is considered american food?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxnz3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	which language was used in seven women for satan
www.freebase.com/m/0zjtrl9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what is helena notkonen's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04z_9t6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rhp6	which country is riley shy originally from
www.freebase.com/m/02q0lw1	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	what is the legal structure of mah sing group
www.freebase.com/m/02p6rp5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	what is the name of the company that developed f1 challenge
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0wp_d	which towns are located in north american central time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h7w87	Name a studio album by a German band. 
www.freebase.com/m/018ljb	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/07bs0	What was a sport held at the 1912 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03ygw7l	what asteroid was discovered in 1997
www.freebase.com/m/02vf6m	www.freebase.com/base/crime/crime_victim/crime_type	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	what crime did shimun xxi benyamin commit 
www.freebase.com/m/0124ht	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/04vy39	Where did the whiskey rebellion take place
www.freebase.com/m/0bvc3zc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	which gender is gwyn lurie
www.freebase.com/m/03cr1dg	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0n44x	where is fayetteville, nc metropolitan statistical area located
www.freebase.com/m/01p2b_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/027csf7	Name an artist on the nuclear blast record label
www.freebase.com/m/04fk3hh	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0l6mp	mens skeet was an official event in what Olympics?
www.freebase.com/m/0d22f	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0zgdl	What is a city located in washington county, oregon?
www.freebase.com/m/05m2jw	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0355dz	which basketball position did billy cunningham play
www.freebase.com/m/0488g	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is kansas based in
www.freebase.com/m/0dt52j2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0nk037	What's the original verison of believe (short version)
www.freebase.com/m/0h1z21s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre of film is inside out?
www.freebase.com/m/04pww1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is roger a. pielke, jr.?
www.freebase.com/m/06br8	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/type_of_rugby/players_of_this_type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/02w33sz	Name a rugby union fullback
www.freebase.com/m/07lt88y	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07cgncl	what show is the episode brazil from
www.freebase.com/m/0bct27	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is the ethnicity of benjamin bradley
www.freebase.com/m/04t48zg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/031y4x	Who was the author of el gran granero rojo
www.freebase.com/m/0dtcv4x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of sweet dynamite
www.freebase.com/m/0f5vz4	www.freebase.com/opera/opera/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is zoraida di granata performed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0vtd0s7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is ciar√°n o‚Äôreilly
www.freebase.com/m/01ny4tq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is consider the birds?
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gks46f	which crime fiction film was released in 1990?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqn8pg	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is actoplus met 15/850 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/03d5yf3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	Where was grigory rapota born
www.freebase.com/m/0801qr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of film is pathfinder
www.freebase.com/m/01hhcx_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c9l1	who was the artist of the album  untouchables
www.freebase.com/m/029p7z	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0_fhb1f	which film festival was blowup shown in
www.freebase.com/m/0cm327	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	What subject does the steep approach to garbadale deal with
www.freebase.com/m/0m1wmx	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0dt5s6j	What is a version of the single congo?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4_54	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0g8yt7	who was the author of hotel andromeda
www.freebase.com/m/031g97w	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was silver side up released? 
www.freebase.com/m/0dt43d	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v7psn	what book did the publishing company heinemann publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0n62tb7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What fictional character is a lawyer
www.freebase.com/m/0crtmzy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	What genre is the best of lynda randle
www.freebase.com/m/0257h9	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02qvn4f	This magnet school is located in Fresno, CA.
www.freebase.com/m/0578r13	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01xqt7	what music is in the film three guys named mike?
www.freebase.com/m/03h4v7m	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what language is spoken in the art of seduction
www.freebase.com/m/023pdf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qjc3h	what is a track made by the sherman brothers
www.freebase.com/m/0288qn8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the spoken language of the film the taking of pelham one two three?
www.freebase.com/m/0m4jm17	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dy48t9	What's the release track from england
www.freebase.com/m/0394_1l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/024tzsk	what track released x uhuru
www.freebase.com/m/02qns9m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013nty	What was john reger born?
www.freebase.com/m/04cpnq	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/02519_	what kind of lake is lake rotorua
www.freebase.com/m/04yqbp6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0js1m	whats the original name of the book version a christmas carol (ladybird children's classics)
www.freebase.com/m/018s6c	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/027vpdk	Who is a notable israeli
www.freebase.com/m/06w3nhf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what style of music does chris and conrad play 
www.freebase.com/m/0yms170	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0mp4c	Who is the artist that released the album visages de lamour
www.freebase.com/m/025vv88	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05dhds4	Which episode did elizabeth korte write?
www.freebase.com/m/01jcl2n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	which genre of music is the album uncle anesthesia in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mny8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c21dy	what is one of the cities in fauquier county, virginia
www.freebase.com/m/0lksy12	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037wybn	what album is basque listed on
www.freebase.com/m/02rj16p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What nation does Constance Grewe claim nationality from?
www.freebase.com/m/01ws2g5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0w0l3lb	What's an album featuring patsy cline's music
www.freebase.com/m/04hcw4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05l64	where did hans e. kinck pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/05b556q	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03wjb7	who wrote the music for the movie women in trouble
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/057myy	which movie is germany in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03nmxz3	who is the saxophonist that plays the saxophone
www.freebase.com/m/0zk77ty	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is joe dimaggio done it again called?
www.freebase.com/m/0wzrjbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where in the UK was paul clement born
www.freebase.com/m/03r3gx	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is the religion that adam stern follows
www.freebase.com/m/05pws0	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/09thz5x	who provided the the film art directed for naked?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzsxg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is edna staebler most known for
www.freebase.com/m/0zbrdhb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Which gender is gabriela sosa?
www.freebase.com/m/03y8nwh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is igor pisanjuk's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04wbl4t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/08b43	what is the subject of the written work queen and country?
www.freebase.com/m/03y85sf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of object is the 12820 robinwilliams
www.freebase.com/m/0cgjn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cm5m	what was alexander john cuza's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/048svqq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	where is sellersville located
www.freebase.com/m/02qmrw4	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01n9d9	Who directed the film titled on the beach
www.freebase.com/m/02jxmr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/011g1jw	what tracks has james newton howard composed
www.freebase.com/m/09nq4s	www.freebase.com/music/composition/place_composed	www.freebase.com/m/0b1mf	where was piano concerto no.9 in e-flat major composed
www.freebase.com/m/0f04v	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/06kzv9	What is the name of a neighborhood in san jose, california
www.freebase.com/m/0gmz53	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of the film june r
www.freebase.com/m/01r3s1_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what type of music does the nervous return play
www.freebase.com/m/04vgnvj	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/019cyf	Who was the author editor of peter simple
www.freebase.com/m/02r9qnm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	what state is sand hill river from
www.freebase.com/m/0dm32	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/03yw5gx	What kind of food group does the sweet potato belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnz6j	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	which shape is fluor-a-day 0.25/236.79 chewable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0wfw9w0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0_5xbym	which episode is in reckless
www.freebase.com/m/0djd3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01zfmm	Who was born in albuquerque?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc110_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	how would danton mew be classified in regards to gender
www.freebase.com/m/0d6gr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wcnjm	what book can be used as a reference?
www.freebase.com/m/0crr_v0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03hkp	what genre was the netflix title green fields
www.freebase.com/m/0nhfrrp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy3q	who composed somewhere
www.freebase.com/m/05h6xn7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ply0	where is kirkman north
www.freebase.com/m/02rt3r2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which form was the fine art of murder released 
www.freebase.com/m/081y8t	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/027nb	what country is saint john parish located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtdpp	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05ccxr	Who did the music for the trial?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03yg7d9	what is about asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/06fm7r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is the notable type of apirak kosayodhin
www.freebase.com/m/0v__689	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06zn0tq	who is the author of be my lover
www.freebase.com/m/04j1gqp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	what netflix genre is the fire next time 
www.freebase.com/m/04f4v62	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language was on the mountain of tai hang shot in
www.freebase.com/m/037m1k	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/07y4wdm	What illness is physostigmine used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/04gptp8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/037wbd	which city was was dennis daa born
www.freebase.com/m/01qfzxh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/09gf1q5	what albums are by the artist wisin y yandel
www.freebase.com/m/01j4ck4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of hits of santana 
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/013ps1	who is a rock music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0w1tnz4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is jean-frederic eerdekens
www.freebase.com/m/027t_vz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	Which type of musical style is the album babylon in?
www.freebase.com/m/033_nj	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/house_committee/current_members	www.freebase.com/m/0343vk	who is one of the members of the united states house committee on the judiciary
www.freebase.com/m/0d1vsc	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/08rrxr	Who is the parent company that owns kvi
www.freebase.com/m/04spnk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0mnzd	where did edouard izac die 
www.freebase.com/m/02v63m	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/0cg9pz	What is the name of the scream 3 soundtrack?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgp4hj	www.freebase.com/theater/play/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0127jb	what is the genre associated with orphans 
www.freebase.com/m/01xbr8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsxnt	What is a drug that is an intramuscular injection
www.freebase.com/m/0523w0r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what genre on netflix is maalik 
www.freebase.com/m/0fv3ywh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015x10	Who produced the album i have a dream
www.freebase.com/m/03t28	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/01_58p	What is the form of the Norman language spoken in Jersey, France?
www.freebase.com/m/036094	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/09db4v	Who was the architect for the ronald reagan building?
www.freebase.com/m/0crs0dx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	of which genre is invisible empire: a new world order defined
www.freebase.com/m/0g8mkmw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	sun come up is considered as what type of film?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyxb20	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the album content type of https://our.intern.facebook.com/intern/freebase/question?
www.freebase.com/m/0fyp9f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljyt	what is western michigan broncos football
www.freebase.com/m/0nz29_r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0nzb_23	which releases contain the track black sheep?
www.freebase.com/m/0fhgv43	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mlg884	what's a track on mouth of me?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4488b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	what is robert chestnut's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0cp9c6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	What language is love story in harvard in
www.freebase.com/m/02cfhw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01yj2	Where did sholom schwartzbard die
www.freebase.com/m/0406jyr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01267	anthony athanas belongs to which ethnic people?
www.freebase.com/m/056wb	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vbq33	which book is published by michael crichton
www.freebase.com/m/01p6y9k	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kinds of music is the complete duke recordings
www.freebase.com/m/0g1fy4	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01v56j	who is the manufacture of the hawker danecock
www.freebase.com/m/0zcxrrj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is erica von kleist's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04d61p	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what type of animal is mister peabody
www.freebase.com/m/0smqtnl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0ntf2yz	What album included the track drowning
www.freebase.com/m/0kv9mw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	what film genre is the madwoman of chaillot?
www.freebase.com/m/07cgd6n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07ll99h	What is the name of one of the episodes from man called x?
www.freebase.com/m/01dmfm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0drb1k	what fictional character is created by bernard cornwell?
www.freebase.com/m/03g1v3k	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mxw7v	who released an album called sugar hill collection
www.freebase.com/m/015tzgf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01nz1q6	Which female artist recorded happy xmas (war is over)?
www.freebase.com/m/0663bv	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/08b26_	what game series is tails' skypatrol a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0nbwyw3	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language does gerald veritas speak
www.freebase.com/m/0csvcz	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/02m_0f	who wrote to the devil a daughter
www.freebase.com/m/0470s	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/cover_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/0gyl87f	what cover does jean grey appear on
www.freebase.com/m/05f4m2h	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01_9c1	what position does kenny higgins play
www.freebase.com/m/04h_1y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where does edward thomas chapman claim nationality
www.freebase.com/m/021n2n	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	is carmageddon ii: carpocalypse now single-player or multi-player
www.freebase.com/m/010lf8r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ml5nv8	What is the name of a song on the recording another day?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4nswy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What type of genre is the land of jacques cartier?
www.freebase.com/m/019ws_t	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0yf9ff	what's a version of the song on the single for black sheep
www.freebase.com/m/03y12vw	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star does 17902 britbaker orbit
www.freebase.com/m/02x1z4	www.freebase.com/user/hds/default_domain/suburb/contained_by	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	which city is hampton a suburb of
www.freebase.com/m/01yxfs	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	who is at risk for somatization disorder
www.freebase.com/m/03hyvp	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/0q34g	what area does norwich international airport serve
www.freebase.com/m/07y4mr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0177z	where in europe did l√©on spilliaert die
www.freebase.com/m/0_jt8yj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03f6jyw	who wrote my girl does kung fu
www.freebase.com/m/029p7z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22hc	What type of genre is blowup?
www.freebase.com/m/08_95x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music does lucien barbarin perform 
www.freebase.com/m/09xw2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03c9kqd	who is a dixieland artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0m_p6pj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0rv243	What's the recorded version of daybreak
www.freebase.com/m/0yq2qvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is craig cornell?
www.freebase.com/m/08csr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02gf2j	What was a place inside the thirteen colonies
www.freebase.com/m/03y5st	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22fk	what type of film is white heat
www.freebase.com/m/02_wt7	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t3k_x	which books have sara paretsky written
www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/01x9lj	what are the names of games published by sega
www.freebase.com/m/0l8c604	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03589yd	what release did a tale of two cities come from
www.freebase.com/m/049rtp7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	in what format is the chronicles album presented
www.freebase.com/m/03qj__6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fpn8	in what county is lone mountain (new york) located
www.freebase.com/m/03yk_7g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	which asterioid group is 5314 wilkickia a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgslx8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r_ch	which city was albert spencer wilcox born
www.freebase.com/m/04t0_w8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bm2	what subject is the book tales from wrescal lane about
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04cknxm	what albums were released in 1996?
www.freebase.com/m/04ygjy9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Mike White?
www.freebase.com/m/03nwb3	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/01rtcz	what characters are in dune universe?
www.freebase.com/m/0577d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/047cfhg	Which German footballer was born in magdeburg?
www.freebase.com/m/03y_46s	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which origin is instinctive d√©rive from
www.freebase.com/m/0n2wpnc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mgvgb	what album is the last song on
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w_s18	What's an irish musical film
www.freebase.com/m/01w2v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02vqcss	Who is a notable person that was born in cairo
www.freebase.com/m/04w3n7t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fdys	What was twiddling your thumbs written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0lgsq	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zlv_fg	What did melissa etheridge compose?
www.freebase.com/m/02k54	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h3vsth	Name a person born in Egypt.
www.freebase.com/m/0t30r	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Mccausland is a part of what time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_cmj1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ksqk	who was the artist who recorded beginners
www.freebase.com/m/03b55t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nbzvy	what are tracks by neurosis
www.freebase.com/m/09zr6t	www.freebase.com/base/pethealth/treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/064bk_9	What is adrenalectomy used to treat?
www.freebase.com/m/0d04py	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	which football position is keith browner charged of
www.freebase.com/m/018jz	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/04g2hy0	Name a baseball computer video game
www.freebase.com/m/05ntd04	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg2m	what is after hours?
www.freebase.com/m/01nvw_z	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is live on breeze hill
www.freebase.com/m/0340999	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	Which label released the release collection
www.freebase.com/m/0bmfpc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0np43lc	what are some uk garage albums?
www.freebase.com/m/0nld	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zkw_4z	what song was written by algernon charles swinburne
www.freebase.com/m/055gm00	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	what profession does masato hagiwara have
www.freebase.com/m/0jdh5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02xyl	who was the author of dune (novel)
www.freebase.com/m/08_n0y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	in what netflix genre would you find the film green snake 
www.freebase.com/m/02z3r8t	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0121sr	what language is spoken in new york, i love you
www.freebase.com/m/0bptkc0	www.freebase.com/base/skosbase/skos_concept/broader	www.freebase.com/m/0bny767	what is a broader language of the czech language called
www.freebase.com/m/0qhd0dq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	which type of album is the magic door
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02rlw21	What movie can be found under the netflix genre india
www.freebase.com/m/04cwgh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0d6bc2	what school is found in mount maunganui
www.freebase.com/m/011yhm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country was the film fargo created in?
www.freebase.com/m/027xk1h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what are the colors of watkins memorial high school?
www.freebase.com/m/06p0bd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	giuseppe sarti died in what city?
www.freebase.com/m/016fd5	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_company/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0zc3_vx	What is the name of a play produced by the royal national theatre
www.freebase.com/m/0rphnpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/019xhk	where is daco junior from?
www.freebase.com/m/0cvlw	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0r24	who did averroes influence?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h_d5vy	Name a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0z2q80n	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/primary_universe	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	What universes does ms. marvel live in
www.freebase.com/m/02hxv2z	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is birwa language
www.freebase.com/m/0n9k0ps	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01j4ls	Who wrote the lyrics for dancin'
www.freebase.com/m/05n_vsx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02mb0n	this band is the artist of sunny side!.
www.freebase.com/m/0glskdb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	what city was issa cissokho born in
www.freebase.com/m/0crw2z3	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/046q7	who wrote the music for the film matter of heart
www.freebase.com/m/0hsqf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08tzc86	Name a notable figure born in seoul
www.freebase.com/m/0g69xs	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/026z62s	what was a game for kids made by humongous entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/0l14fq	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0np553r	what is the name of an ep
www.freebase.com/m/03hjlql	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0177m8	which people group were involved in the battle of marj dabiq 
www.freebase.com/m/0cdvp_	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/01fc7p	in which conflict did sir charles monro, 1st baronet participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0k1bs	www.freebase.com/user/negativboy/default_domain/bearded_freak/beard_color	www.freebase.com/m/09q2t	What color is Jerry Garcia's beard?
www.freebase.com/m/0214fm	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/02rvgyn	what major event happened at baqubah
www.freebase.com/m/0bs3lw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what was written in encyclopaedia sinica
www.freebase.com/m/02zgp8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/025tlk2	what university is located in qom
www.freebase.com/m/0ytk631	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9mm	which artist recorded quiet storm (soul square remix)
www.freebase.com/m/0387zfp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ldrkt	whats the name of a song on the little earthquakes
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/0h5497m	What asteroids are within the asteroid belt 
www.freebase.com/m/0kdtctr	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0bjdjl	who was the producer of the theater production  the life and adventures of nicholas nickleby
www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02z7r16	What's a book that deals with international relations
www.freebase.com/m/0ddtwt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what is the genre of the netflix movie calcutta mail
www.freebase.com/m/03hkl7v	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	what country is the dobre»õu river in?
www.freebase.com/m/0n9gbzb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/032f6	which language is spoken in revolutionary memories of bahman who loved leila
www.freebase.com/m/07t21	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03whsy6	who was born in ukraine?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/02rb36h	What was a battle during world war ii?
www.freebase.com/m/01n5xl9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01n5xj2	What's an album by the amboy dukes
www.freebase.com/m/01knr4g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nrqx2	what is max webster a notable example of?
www.freebase.com/m/0clz7_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_r3	which Caribbean country is jamal campbell-ryce from
www.freebase.com/m/04n0z6g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language of the premature burial
www.freebase.com/m/05df5j1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/05df5jx	What was the episode before let's spend the night together
www.freebase.com/m/047f5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is peter robinson's european nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0_tf7rr	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form of music is page of life
www.freebase.com/m/04vn3gz	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/04t12kl	disappearing acts is a version of what book?
www.freebase.com/m/0k4b8b	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is jon price from
www.freebase.com/m/0fzp5y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the film american teen from?
www.freebase.com/m/0_65sw0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What kind of format is dark eyes in
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrzfh	What's an example of a topical drug formulation
www.freebase.com/m/01mkq	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0519dxc	What is the name of a book from the computer science genre
www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fl2jv	who is a person born in mexico city
www.freebase.com/m/05_lp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/06_989b	What is positron emission tomography known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0hnfmqb	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/performed_at	www.freebase.com/m/0c07j6	where is produced by closer
www.freebase.com/m/0c9tvwm	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0frwk	what book is julius caesar an edition of?
www.freebase.com/m/0sls0f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0407f	What artist recorded kansas city?
www.freebase.com/m/01z7dr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gqrs7	Name a album from the video game music genre
www.freebase.com/m/06zmck6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What european country is nez de cuir from
www.freebase.com/m/05z6cg	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/0c018d	what district is lincoln high school within
www.freebase.com/m/0dl73mp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08fjgb	where did ign√°c mih√°lyi pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0w8cn38	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/093br7	Name an artist that released an album named "Wear me Out".
www.freebase.com/m/096m7k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	how did ignacio mart√≠n-bar√≥ die
www.freebase.com/m/026ft3	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0d1m1w	which town is the delaware valley neighborhood in
www.freebase.com/m/0h64snx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does (20691) 1999 vy72 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/05f9hpd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/064f29	who was the developer of the game hero of sparta
www.freebase.com/m/06b844	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0rlzc	where did jon schneck originate from
www.freebase.com/m/052yqf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03gjr3	whats the name of the airports on wallops island
www.freebase.com/m/02r3_5y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What type of film is tarana?
www.freebase.com/m/04m1g8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08dzcc	what company published the game black & white 2
www.freebase.com/m/02wszf	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03nl40	Who played infielder for the white sox
www.freebase.com/m/05n1l9l	www.freebase.com/food/dish/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03dg3	what is one of the ingredients in gin fizz
www.freebase.com/m/0d_bb4h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrz41	who recorded the track daniel?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4yq	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0xwgq	What is a place located within santa fe county?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg6hc_	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What country is aiguille de la grande sassi√®re a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0hqts2n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06ng98	what is the active ingredient in eloxatin
www.freebase.com/m/0mqfr7d	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fthjzg	what is the recording of batman called
www.freebase.com/m/09rb33	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/09kn9	small victories  was an episode of what series
www.freebase.com/m/01cszh	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03w952d	Name a artist with arista records 
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mdl_r	What is a silent film title
www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09v946t	Which American science writer was born in washington, d.c.?
www.freebase.com/m/01pnc3g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nlvmyy	what track did the artist friend 'n fellow make
www.freebase.com/m/01dp55l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lnlrt9	what are some of the tracks found in the recording cuba?
www.freebase.com/m/026_0pz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	what kind of music is on damiera ep?
www.freebase.com/m/08m1bf	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0tyq	What is the architectural style of belmont-sheffield trust and savings bank building
www.freebase.com/m/0g51blz	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	which group contains (7884) 1993 hh7
www.freebase.com/m/0199g	www.freebase.com/base/argumentmaps/original_idea/innovator	www.freebase.com/m/0chgkt	who is the innovator of the  bicycle
www.freebase.com/m/0yxrjm4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what is the movie genre of macropolis?
www.freebase.com/m/0np74hr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fl3	who is the artist that released collector's edition
www.freebase.com/m/03hj4t7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is melvin mayfield from originally
www.freebase.com/m/0crwdqy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is bridal fever in?
www.freebase.com/m/05dcpsk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/02ndbd	who wrote the tv series they use horseradish, don't they?
www.freebase.com/m/024t0y	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dm5_b	what 2006 film did mark cuban produce
www.freebase.com/m/0kyzv8w	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	who developed mega man zero collection
www.freebase.com/m/0dx58l3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dz5cr9	what is a release from the recording breathe?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvsh_	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0l6wj	Who wrote the film should married men go home??
www.freebase.com/m/02wbxh0	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what conflict did felix stump participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0277nmy	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which world war did andrew cowper fight in
www.freebase.com/m/0cmbt40	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What genre of music is the artist Rob Fraboni a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/01p6h5z	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does donna fargo play
www.freebase.com/m/02pkl4b	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what type of game is dragon ball z: harukanaru densetsu
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0gm16jq	Name a drama movie on Netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0k6pf6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	What profession did Josh Gordon have?
www.freebase.com/m/01jxtkn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0q3z0ww	what is an work created by jack mcduff
www.freebase.com/m/02hs8r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	ignacy domeyko  passed away where
www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/05b1n8x	what architecture is gothic revival architecture
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t0tdm	what is a fiction book 
www.freebase.com/m/0g9j9w	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01v1bd	What are the people born in st. leonhard in passeier referred to as
www.freebase.com/m/04vh6t9	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0c4sd5	who published a damsel in distress
www.freebase.com/m/0v3gtvf	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	what football position does jake mcdonough play
www.freebase.com/m/0cq23zb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/033mlr	What is a netflix anime drama
www.freebase.com/m/06k8ky	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	what nationality is  giles tschudi
www.freebase.com/m/052psp3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film hotel imperial
www.freebase.com/m/0ft4sy7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0ft4sxx	what is a recording from another day
www.freebase.com/m/0h54_qj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0pkpb10	what is an episode from the tv show the exes
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0nbsqmb	who is a person that died from myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/0pc6vwn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is denise cheshire
www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01spsq0	Who is an artist of post-grunge music?
www.freebase.com/m/04q0gv1	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what color does monticello high school wear?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwt8g2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was the woman who did filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02hlqpl	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08ry2	which company published army men: rts
www.freebase.com/m/05ztq77	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does ian griffiths play?
www.freebase.com/m/01g27f	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/parent_cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0x2fg	what is the cause of death classification for drowning
www.freebase.com/m/0nhkxsr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what exactly is fran√ßois-alexandre galepides known as
www.freebase.com/m/0fz9w8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where is vaughn lal from
www.freebase.com/m/044p7	www.freebase.com/book/author/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/09g39h	which movement was written by john william polidori
www.freebase.com/m/01hg75b	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album was 1962-1970
www.freebase.com/m/07h_j	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/05zp8	what is the function of the building alhambra
www.freebase.com/m/0fhgnh_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	who composed the music for star wars - a musical anthology
www.freebase.com/m/06c62	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03crht3	What Italian artist was born in rome?
www.freebase.com/m/0_ys6_f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what is genre is the film the lighthouse?
www.freebase.com/m/0p05p	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0rb74	what hud county is grand county located in
www.freebase.com/m/0fryv4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is shawn hogan from?
www.freebase.com/m/0mx7x0c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0n5qc5d	What is the name of an episode from watch what happens: live - season 8
www.freebase.com/m/02ps4j1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fly	where is the location of lightning ridge airport?
www.freebase.com/m/07ny16	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/cities	www.freebase.com/m/01wq0g	What city is skaha lake found in?
www.freebase.com/m/07rvq0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	what genre is the film the killing of sister george?
www.freebase.com/m/09fhqd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is cima in
www.freebase.com/m/06qpv9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	shout at the devil is in what language 
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hggm5j	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/0st46	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is osceola?
www.freebase.com/m/01jldy5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which format was jarre live released as 
www.freebase.com/m/0t38p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rk856	which us representative was born in ireton, iowa
www.freebase.com/m/03fflv8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f6xwjd	What's a song from bridge to terabithia
www.freebase.com/m/03f3pq8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dp0wqt	what tracks have been released by robert armani?
www.freebase.com/m/013f7rh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vyymq	Which artist recorded whatever it takes?
www.freebase.com/m/01cd2mk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l50q5s	which tracks are listed in the album bobby?
www.freebase.com/m/0336hg4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/013dvyb	which track was in the release live in paris 
www.freebase.com/m/0436nq	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cn6pv	Who is an artist on the sony classical record label?
www.freebase.com/m/03h0zmb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre is the book the four false weapons?
www.freebase.com/m/03s0t_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04j6f7	What is an album by maow?
www.freebase.com/m/01vk41	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02nx2x_	how did karin boye die?
www.freebase.com/m/0wjk85x	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05z96	What was aleksandr iovich gaidai's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0h4xxt	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/018p5f	who is the owner of wbhp?
www.freebase.com/m/02vmn9y	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	That genre is steam 
www.freebase.com/m/05p_w45	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	is the eye of the world paperback or hardcover
www.freebase.com/m/02qf5q7	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what type of media is the proscribed royalist, 1651 in?
www.freebase.com/m/01z0pbz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which languages were available in the film damul?
www.freebase.com/m/0463tvg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/041_27	Where was the birthplace of petr√¥nio gontijo
www.freebase.com/m/04t4dkr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01gxw3	What author wrote dark lord
www.freebase.com/m/020n5f	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0bqtx	which war did george francis robert henderson participate in 
www.freebase.com/m/0cpswc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does michel ngonge play 
www.freebase.com/m/016gr2	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j55pw2	who are the parents of derek jacobi
www.freebase.com/m/09rs28v	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0cn_tpv	who was involved in the hudson bay expedition 
www.freebase.com/m/02rkk0g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what country is kemse contained by
www.freebase.com/m/03y2wn9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	Where is 8783 gopasyuk located in space?
www.freebase.com/m/04ndhm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/053hf4	which game was developed by factor 5
www.freebase.com/m/0gnx88	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	what position does marty burke play
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08qgrc	in which state is pennsylvania located
www.freebase.com/m/02pkc3t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	Where is capstone career college located?
www.freebase.com/m/076xf_p	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/05hcy	What's a city close to fort fincastle
www.freebase.com/m/0jwz4y0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is louis helbig from 
www.freebase.com/m/03xyts9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is „Éê„Éñ„É´„Ç¨„É†„ÇØ„É©„Ç§„Ç∑„Çπ 4: revenge road
www.freebase.com/m/0_jp1z6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vvycq	which artist composed a love bizarre 
www.freebase.com/m/0288jjc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c6w	what is nikhil kamkolkar's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/0csbjs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/048kw	which country contains challock
www.freebase.com/m/05q2kmf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/072y8c	whats the name of the company that published the river of time
www.freebase.com/m/01hx0vs	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fb6w	who released an album called ziggy stardust
www.freebase.com/m/02pn3r9	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what continent can the lowline cattle be found on
www.freebase.com/m/0db3bh	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01r3hr	What position does robert newhouse play in american football
www.freebase.com/m/08_0lz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where in california did professor tanaka die
www.freebase.com/m/0btnl	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/01wb6c	what characters exist in the the three apples
www.freebase.com/m/0g8fnf4	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is the music release scrooge: the musical (1992 birmingham cast) from
www.freebase.com/m/0404lpb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	which us state is eric don's birthplace?
www.freebase.com/m/0cn7pt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	What is the genre of the book the pact?
www.freebase.com/m/0fg6jnt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/019dr6r	what is a track from the release lost?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc47qn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fs_s	where was oldrich lukes born
www.freebase.com/m/05869xj	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03d6fyn	Which company published call of duty: world at war?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7tj2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	where is the film the time in between from?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwg6bf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	which country was lollypop barbershop released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gsck	Who was born in Paris?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsmcks	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/025xy2p	what record label released the album tongue in groove
www.freebase.com/m/0h1hm5x	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which south asian language is dharti kahe pukarke filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/05xd8x	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05_bdb	What is a film written by subhash ghai
www.freebase.com/m/02ry7mk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what type of film is brain dead
www.freebase.com/m/05_vkx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the film pope john paul ii shot in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is agatha christie's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0v3sn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cj3_q	who was born in cheboygan
www.freebase.com/m/026stf4	www.freebase.com/education/academic/departments_old	www.freebase.com/m/0dc18mp	which department contains caroline bynum
www.freebase.com/m/027vq7	www.freebase.com/boats/ship/ship_builder	www.freebase.com/m/05k6d	which company built the uss los angeles (ssn-688)?
www.freebase.com/m/0372p	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0182w0	who has gottfried wilhelm von leibniz influenced?
www.freebase.com/m/04c10kf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is addington located in
www.freebase.com/m/03c9kg4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	which country is c√≠cero santos from
www.freebase.com/m/0h9vnb7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03l2n	what city in texas was  john gholson born in
www.freebase.com/m/0d3ff	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05h346q	Who was born in wuppertal
www.freebase.com/m/026h31	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/06qnz	what ideology do the union of citizens of georgia practice
www.freebase.com/m/0c4tm3	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/0c1m7s	what is an island in the islands of vanuatu?
www.freebase.com/m/020lbh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the film grand theft parsons?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsm58_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fhzrh	which ep is the song red sea on
www.freebase.com/m/012n6x	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/088g64	what is used to treat bleeding
www.freebase.com/m/04j315h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	What category is my son the vampire under on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0g4zkcq	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0ht3p	What is the sector of the organization cosmica spacelines s. a. s.?
www.freebase.com/m/0h6l2_3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is restaurant filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/06c315	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprdf	what is the film rating of le mans
www.freebase.com/m/0ckjn6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	where in northern california did e. otis charles die
www.freebase.com/m/0n9m6vx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is penny lane's profession
www.freebase.com/m/09m6hr	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02qvhbb	what actor is part of the telugu people
www.freebase.com/m/046j9x	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/024vmst	Name a track that was engineered by rudy van gelder
www.freebase.com/m/02rvmg_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	what city is the victory gardens theater in
www.freebase.com/m/065_12p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What kind of album is best of bud powell on verve, the?
www.freebase.com/m/026shyt	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which soccer position did tales schutz play
www.freebase.com/m/0hzck71	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area_type/iso_country	www.freebase.com/m/04xn_	burmese state was created when the japanese occupied what?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqszr5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0dj75	What is the active ingredient in the drug allium cepa 6 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0h2w3gl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of megan kay jordan
www.freebase.com/m/064fglx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was spoken in  the manual
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h53bds	What is the name of an object that orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0pfp9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04xzm	who is the author of quotations from chairman mao tse-tung
www.freebase.com/m/05szt9b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	which language is used in porkkalam
www.freebase.com/m/02vzbp4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does sisinio gonz√°lez mart√≠nez play?
www.freebase.com/m/02qzf7t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language is ghost train featured in
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02qscjg	Name a fantasy show
www.freebase.com/m/03yf311	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0ggbdw	who founded microland
www.freebase.com/m/04b0xq6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ndz6	Where is bethlehem located at?
www.freebase.com/m/05b__wf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what kind of film is fighting fire fighter
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05h56g9	Name a midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/03f_hw9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was the ultimate collection released
www.freebase.com/m/03qr0zw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	What type of media is towards disappearance, ii?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0bsj	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	which color represents for maccabi netanya f.c.
www.freebase.com/m/0qjwr5j	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0414qmv	who released the album well done 3
www.freebase.com/m/04txf7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljvf	What is hyperactivity a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/0m1nds_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fcb4fv	what is the title track on colors
www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dqf0r	What's a city located within queensland
www.freebase.com/m/08mgt_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fw2y	in which midwestern city was jenn korbee born
www.freebase.com/m/049_mvr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what state encompasses centennial
www.freebase.com/m/0ckr2z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	h. f. lenfest is of what nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0fhl4y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	where in the us is henry johnson buried in?
www.freebase.com/m/02z5yrh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was the wife swappers released in 
www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/03wb4kc	what is a company in the financial services industry 
www.freebase.com/m/01w24j0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095l0	Where was the decoder born?
www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	www.freebase.com/theater/theatrical_composer/plays_composed	www.freebase.com/m/09ynmb	what plays have richard m. sherman composed?
www.freebase.com/m/0876nz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05snw	what is thomas parnell's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0h4rwrx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is chris mcdaniel
www.freebase.com/m/05sxkkf	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/018gz8	What is Reynaldo Rey's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/076xs4c	who played midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/01vrw1j	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/01kmr4s	What composition did yoshiki (musician) compose?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_4fz	which city is located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/01w_02x	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01b8x82	what tracks have ben rogan produced?
www.freebase.com/m/028c28v	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily spoken in hoochie coochie man
www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_form_shape/drugs_with_this_shape	www.freebase.com/m/0hqmt1l	what drug is in the shape of a circle?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3p3q5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	what is mitch grassi's notable type
www.freebase.com/m/0bbctsl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is yves hofer most famous for?
www.freebase.com/m/0n3l6	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0ylwz	What is the name of a warren county town?
www.freebase.com/m/0bdqp6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is fictional character kissy suzuki
www.freebase.com/m/0n5c9	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0xqxl	What is located in morris county?
www.freebase.com/m/026l7xw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	What is bernard erhard's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0grp46	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is angel fire east?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y10kn	name an astronomical body that orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/027ysyp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of movie is pervert!
www.freebase.com/m/078946l	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what license does mabusray hold
www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/063qvm4	Who was the football player interred in hamburg?
www.freebase.com/m/07fwp5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is lea bayers rapp from
www.freebase.com/m/0m72pnb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f1f6j6	What's the recorded version of ohio
www.freebase.com/m/0jl0vp9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What kind of film is how to steal 2 million
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22md	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/057m09	Name a film in the netflix genre of anime & animation
www.freebase.com/m/04093	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hqzr	Where was jules verne born
www.freebase.com/m/09gf87y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is sangeeta kandola from?
www.freebase.com/m/0793k	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/018s6c	What is the ethnicity of shaul mofaz?
www.freebase.com/m/017wh	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/first_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is brandenburg a first level division of
www.freebase.com/m/01fp6f8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is mtv celebrity deathmatch
www.freebase.com/m/05zq386	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02sjp	Who composed the music for the film the inheritance?
www.freebase.com/m/0n_49j3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	what film genre is the 8th wonder?
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05kh_	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/0qdvmpw	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/01c7y	what language does rupom khondaker speak
www.freebase.com/m/0n8lypn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r04p	what was arthur forde's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0f0mjls	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m2m1zn	What track is the recording jesus christ included in?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/02qwym_	Who is a well known practitioner of boxing?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_gdb0	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where did jimi hendrix release his music?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y1608	whats the name of solar system
www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/046571w	Who is a singer-songwriter?
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0vtzh	Name a place in the north american central time zone.
www.freebase.com/m/03lg9b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05snw	what is alexander macfarlane's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04t06hf	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what book genre is day and night stories?
www.freebase.com/m/0dfrht	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was the film stir of echoes: the homecoming originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5gxb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star does  8527 katayama orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0f7l0p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	Is operation thunderbolt an action movie or documentary
www.freebase.com/m/0gg4k81	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does anvar gafurov play
www.freebase.com/m/03y1plm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is  master series 88-96
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjh_1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what shape is percodan 325/4.8355 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/07gql	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/065g1x	who is an example of a trumpet instrumentalist
www.freebase.com/m/02qz6g3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	what kind of game is ski or die?
www.freebase.com/m/012jfb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is featured in the film bowling for columbine
www.freebase.com/m/0rsf0nt	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q77k4k	what is the release from the track california?
www.freebase.com/m/030ldc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is vanessa paradis?
www.freebase.com/m/034qg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0268_cf	who died from a firearm
www.freebase.com/m/0p60gc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dvk6m3	Which game is the recording seed from
www.freebase.com/m/07tf8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/0wbkywd	what is the subject of university
www.freebase.com/m/04y5gm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01nk63j	What is an album by the time (band)?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4jk4x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01crd5	what is eliza ngo's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq3t62	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country filmed an outpost of progress
www.freebase.com/m/0j0xxvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country is b√©atrice de sta√´l from
www.freebase.com/m/04jjkgk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	to what genre does ilona sojda belong
www.freebase.com/m/04w737d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what topic is voucher wars written on
www.freebase.com/m/01nb6p	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/029dpk	what film is denali national park and preserve featured in?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_z	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/0drs2j	which mathematician did carl friedrich gauss influence 
www.freebase.com/m/07qvk4	www.freebase.com/sports/defunct_sports_team/later_known_as	www.freebase.com/m/0hzrxf2	What was team lotus later known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0v_3q7s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where does trent dee hail from?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0zrk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	8266 bertelli is what type of celestial object?
www.freebase.com/m/0ncks	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0tkkg5k	name a person who was born in the london borough of brent.
www.freebase.com/m/0fqqkll	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/086m1	battle of rappahannock river  is apart of what large event
www.freebase.com/m/04wd9ml	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0hqjh	what is the timbuktu and the songhay empire about
www.freebase.com/m/063_py3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gxblph	Which netflix genre does alice in wonderland fit under
www.freebase.com/m/0bbc28	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/05t4q	whats an occupation of the character  michael corvin
www.freebase.com/m/0ddgw9n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	what city did ferruccio cerio die in
www.freebase.com/m/0zpzb0_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form of composition is you dont have very far to go
www.freebase.com/m/047n387	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre is asiles world
www.freebase.com/m/05b_kf7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	how did fran√ßois renaud die
www.freebase.com/m/027tbnm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What netflix genre is honeydripper
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ngnh_1	Name a famous film producer
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07qprw	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b7f6v	Name a city in north carolina
www.freebase.com/m/0284x8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fnc_	where was mohamed kanu born
www.freebase.com/m/0dp68zx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0f2x0	who is the artist of the album best of jazz - the swing era?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsf6y6	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/015nm9	Which emperor was involved in ming conquest of yunnan?
www.freebase.com/m/09_3c1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where in europe is afon glaslyn
www.freebase.com/m/04wbmhn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rf6	what field does australia fair discuss
www.freebase.com/m/04yxy8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is esther forbes known for being
www.freebase.com/m/02r8dxd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where is cyril connell, snr. from?
www.freebase.com/m/0zd9qpd	www.freebase.com/theater/play/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02822	what kind of play is the distance from here
www.freebase.com/m/026gfzz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film  dr. jekyll and mr. hyde in
www.freebase.com/m/0ftjlm3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/093s53	which song is in the recording winter wonderland 
www.freebase.com/m/0ty0r6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What artistic form is africa?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02z8hjp	who is a professional actor that was born in New York
www.freebase.com/m/01j190t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	who music is chris rice known for?
www.freebase.com/m/09gdfvf	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/04h8h	what kind of building is duluth public library?
www.freebase.com/m/0492x8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of show is gute zeiten, schlechte zeiten?
www.freebase.com/m/069nwy2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	What kind of a work is providence
www.freebase.com/m/04cprb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in identity 
www.freebase.com/m/04xq5q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0btn22	where is the tm network Japanese pop/rock musical band from
www.freebase.com/m/02pn4r	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/03h2c	what country is the lempira department located in
www.freebase.com/m/01lrrt	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b3y2wq	What is the name of the 1950 melodrama directed by Earl McEvoy
www.freebase.com/m/0h80cxn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Where is duniya from
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y0t__	what is an entity found in the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0c17xn	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_7z	Which position does guy chamberlin play
www.freebase.com/m/038549	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0wyh_f5	who are the parents of bob wright?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgld2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	what are the subjects of the book the way of the superior man
www.freebase.com/m/0dyk6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is mtv unplugged+3 filmed
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w317n	what fiction book is written by jean giono 
www.freebase.com/m/0cp8zlh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02n4lw	what is the topic of sylvester wager?
www.freebase.com/m/04v85b6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	how is the book the stand bounded as?
www.freebase.com/m/051kjg	www.freebase.com/user/szaijan/fantasy_football/player/position	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	what position does antonio chatman play 
www.freebase.com/m/04w3ltb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is fuera del juego about 
www.freebase.com/m/03cdcyp	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what type of book is the good companions?
www.freebase.com/m/012lzc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w6l89	what book is about self-help?
www.freebase.com/m/02x6xyf	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/049qx	Who is the artist on the album kylie fever 2002 live in manchester
www.freebase.com/m/01g6d1j	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What format was shadow hearts (disc 1) released?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8n_v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position in football does calen carr play
www.freebase.com/m/03fr51d	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0stkvg	what was the title track on pilot
www.freebase.com/m/0gkym2f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is blake brettschneider 
www.freebase.com/m/02pvf72	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0b2lw	Where was kristin vigard born
www.freebase.com/m/05vngs	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0vry4	where did the battle of maguaga take place
www.freebase.com/m/0j_93z1	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0crzc70	who was the cinematographer for the film david shawl 
www.freebase.com/m/04898fh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kv7_	which county contains halls flat
www.freebase.com/m/032dtgy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0k_tmv9	What's the name of one of the tracks on vitium cordis congenitum
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01n7bjv	What is a rock music album?
www.freebase.com/m/08fspq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was avanti! filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0l2vz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07nv9q	what beach is in san mateo county, california
www.freebase.com/m/0jwmmfn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fly	Where is trinity catholic college, auburn campus located at?
www.freebase.com/m/04t39yh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/053n5w	who authored the book ship
www.freebase.com/m/0j6p2lg	www.freebase.com/automotive/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nbwp	What's a model within the tyrrell line of cars
www.freebase.com/m/0f6d8wm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07s3vqk	who is the artist behind the recording goin down slow
www.freebase.com/m/0h86ynf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which south asian country is rangili filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/01tz5cc	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/07kfg7n	Name a film that neal hefti contributed music to
www.freebase.com/m/0bqsk91	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0135k2	where was kristin meyer born
www.freebase.com/m/03f3_p3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jcgx2	Who was the artist of the album nina simone?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrckb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/09dxd7	What is a formulation of the drug carvedilol 12.5 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0x0b2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is webster groves?
www.freebase.com/m/0fz3wp4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language is the film "The Little Things" made?
www.freebase.com/m/02rqtxq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of artist is clifton hyde considered
www.freebase.com/m/05p_1rt	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03qpwy	who publishes the book quozl
www.freebase.com/m/0krw51	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0kv5h3	what movie did benjamin stoloff direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0dy0d47	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l9p76	what album is tales from the hudson on 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01fsf6c	Name an album
www.freebase.com/m/01g2pp	www.freebase.com/user/tsegaran/mathematics/mathematical_concept/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/03kgqn	Who discovered topos theory
www.freebase.com/m/0crbbw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l2v0	which county is lopez lake in?
www.freebase.com/m/0tgzb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	in what southern state is bradfordsville located 
www.freebase.com/m/04svz2y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/025sh_8	Where is rock spring?
www.freebase.com/m/04q3l20	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is lovebooks presents in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ybk5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f6zs	what county is chester a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01832sw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06449	who is the artist that recorded greece
www.freebase.com/m/09dsbl3	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/04n52p6	What movie did nick gottschalk provide art direction for
www.freebase.com/m/0j_p0l1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is geffen strummer kaye's sex
www.freebase.com/m/04t5zl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01s5q	what did amir-abbas hoveyda die as a result of?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0ws2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Which country is responsible for releasing the film my brother's keeper
www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0fywp6	what is the name of a strategy video game
www.freebase.com/m/0bmkvc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02qkwm8	who created the character bianca jackson
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bqwmb	Name a person who was born in germany
www.freebase.com/m/05sz_5n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	which specific kind of rock is on dead man
www.freebase.com/m/080f07v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	whats the genre of the film  lights of old broadway
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026_c4n	Name a football midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/0dp097	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which nationality does rachel hayward belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01x0jg2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is adri√°n d√°rgelos male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0632f9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is joseph quesnel from originally
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048pnj8	which city can be found in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/04g2k37	What is the name of an asteroid? 
www.freebase.com/m/02y_frh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7d95	what is uto station
www.freebase.com/m/0503_p	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is tai babilonia's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsmw9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01bbg	what is the active ingredient of benzoyl peroxide 52.5 liquid?
www.freebase.com/m/04gqr	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/02d98f	What is the administrative division of the country libya?
www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/05n1fy	what are action-adventure games for the computer
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02qvhbb	What is the name of an Indian film director?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmbscv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is sri kommineni's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hzcglg	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area_type/iso_country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country locates japanese city
www.freebase.com/m/09v4cq7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yh8l	What sort of music is featured on revolution
www.freebase.com/m/0mhwp67	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f94y_9	Witch album does star appear on 
www.freebase.com/m/0cz96s9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country made murder in eden
www.freebase.com/m/0wmcxz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0370z32	What album featured the recording of garden partyWhat 
www.freebase.com/m/0bhj4j4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01xy5l_	What is paul a. felix's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03y82t6	www.freebase.com/music/featured_artist/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0vx6q86	what album was  katy perry featured on
www.freebase.com/m/09xwyv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/062qr0	Which episodes did richard appel write?
www.freebase.com/m/01xfw8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_network/areas_served	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What area does Sveriges Television serve?
www.freebase.com/m/03w968l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is canning college in?
www.freebase.com/m/059dtk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	who was the publisher of metal marines
www.freebase.com/m/012d40	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06t384	what film is produced by jackie chan?
www.freebase.com/m/0pdht00	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is mark pirro?
www.freebase.com/m/03_vfy	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/07c5l	Where is the choctaw language from
www.freebase.com/m/0f47182	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mtwmt	What's a song on the album let go
www.freebase.com/m/0v4ymnz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02xhgwq	What kind of job does gammy singer have
www.freebase.com/m/052q4j	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0d61fr	what is an example of a catholic school
www.freebase.com/m/089dp6	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/089f25	Who directed naran 
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0w30dns	what movie contain bollywood
www.freebase.com/m/0njtf2v	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does braulio lara play 
www.freebase.com/m/02r6p23	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	What state is the dodd-hinsdale house in
www.freebase.com/m/04psbr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	which country is pico da neblina based in
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/011gwz	What is a city in the state of Wyoming in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/02tn2l	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what type of film is name of the rose
www.freebase.com/m/0hgnfqw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02prvyz	who is the lyricist for the song life goes on?
www.freebase.com/m/085kym	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	if mihails miholaps played in the top third, which position did he play
www.freebase.com/m/0dpyfy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	What is the color of somerset christian college
www.freebase.com/m/0cm9gt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of paul whitsun-jones?
www.freebase.com/m/03gt9hs	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country was of human bondage from
www.freebase.com/m/0chnf	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzzp	solaris (operating system) was influenced by which computer operating system?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs794w	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was 37 uses for a dead sheep shot in?
www.freebase.com/m/04zjvzq	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/service_type	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what service does 880 - windsor school specials provide
www.freebase.com/m/03gc3hv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	What kind of music does fusion radio chicago broadcast
www.freebase.com/m/01lf8p7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lf8fp	which albums did the artist johnny burnette create?
www.freebase.com/m/0zm3_r4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	in what form is the composition license to kill
www.freebase.com/m/08_wst	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language of the film stage fright (1987 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0dbm2m	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0296vv	Which film was amanda brown a film story contributor for
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04_7cp9	what spanish language is a 2007 film directed by Jos Luis Gutierrez
www.freebase.com/m/01h1dd	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/027nb9	which company is in publication
www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w7s7j	what is a book about europe?
www.freebase.com/m/0ks66q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dhdp	Where was guy branston born
www.freebase.com/m/02py17w	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/057787	what type of school is all hallows high school
www.freebase.com/m/0f1ywn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	what country is mount nyenchen tanglha in?
www.freebase.com/m/02048b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lrz47	which album is created by wizzard
www.freebase.com/m/01f0k6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fgjl	what israeli city is joan of acre from
www.freebase.com/m/052_xp	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/01w65s	what larger area is englewood a neighborhood in
www.freebase.com/m/0pz5b1z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is giacomo moncada?
www.freebase.com/m/027xrtf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	what kind of movie is casanova brown
www.freebase.com/m/02x9yz	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0n_8c	What county was named for john m. berrien?
www.freebase.com/m/0h956pq	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/046xmx	Who did the music for the film aaj ka boss
www.freebase.com/m/0294k3	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	What war did john w. geary participate in
www.freebase.com/m/01klt7x	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/082db	which artist created the album  der stein der weisen
www.freebase.com/m/04mt6mc	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/05tbqb	what is a vocal dog
www.freebase.com/m/09x_r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gc0zmr	Name an entrepreneur.
www.freebase.com/m/0gyv0b4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02kl65p	kill bill volume 2 is a notable example of what?
www.freebase.com/m/0h974yb	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	What type of organism is aljabr
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cgzktc	Name a film classified as a biographical film.
www.freebase.com/m/0rspkt0	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0nl3r3f	What was a track produced by 333
www.freebase.com/m/03y55b0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of object is 6304 josephus flavius?
www.freebase.com/m/0hj5x72	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what is the genre of the album chanthupottu
www.freebase.com/m/0275yj	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0sqpy	what city does the wabash river run through
www.freebase.com/m/0kly38p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/01kq6v6	What is the album california is from?
www.freebase.com/m/02w9ctm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is beatrice rosen from
www.freebase.com/m/02rb1j5	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What form of art does giuseppe marchesi produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0sjhh04	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0slwsq8	what is a recording with the release track okuma
www.freebase.com/m/06xfs7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fvxz	what city was vernee watson-johnson born in
www.freebase.com/m/07cgtxx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07m02s_	what's one of the episodes of dr. danger
www.freebase.com/m/03cjm3r	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/040m25l	What is a game that ubisoft montreal has developed 
www.freebase.com/m/04mmn8	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/05sfs	What religion does princess alexandra of hanover practice?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvfd2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is rwanda: living forgiveness?
www.freebase.com/m/04bp0rf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mw7h	which country locates richmond
www.freebase.com/m/05qcy97	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	what bindings does a connecticut yankee in king arthurs court come in
www.freebase.com/m/01kn2g	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0d2t4g	what time zone is negros island in?
www.freebase.com/m/02_32c8	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/035tgr	Who developed the video game call of duty 4: modern warfare
www.freebase.com/m/04gts9k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	Where was sharad malhotra born?
www.freebase.com/m/043rftq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n3ll	Where is samuel bartley holleman house located?
www.freebase.com/m/0lgxj	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/participating_countries	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country participated in the  1952 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/03d1lrn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what netflix genre does the title angry harvest belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0gc7k0s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is patricia rivadeneira male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/01kpk1x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is part one
www.freebase.com/m/01kl4_	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/side_effects	www.freebase.com/m/0gk2pb	What is a side effect of ephedra?
www.freebase.com/m/0n7fnnl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033l9hf	which song is part of hawaii
www.freebase.com/m/09rvv3b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/039xy1	what label is neef buck on 
www.freebase.com/m/038_4_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomer/astronomical_objects_discovered	www.freebase.com/m/0h3q973	What did astronomer seiji ueda discover?
www.freebase.com/m/022p06	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	which organizations did samuel goldwyn founded?
www.freebase.com/m/0hht00v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre of music is the album for the taken?
www.freebase.com/m/037wsqt	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was american pi released in
www.freebase.com/m/02q3lk	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02ymvk	What's a place inside casco bay
www.freebase.com/m/03mc8rs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is beverley thompson male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0chv7x9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is kalle carmback?
www.freebase.com/m/04d3zwr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01455ly	which track is from the release  get faded
www.freebase.com/m/04kz50	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is cecil green's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	www.freebase.com/user/jfry/default_domain/pseudonym/used_by	www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	what name does paul mccartney go by
www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03h5gtv	who is a teacher?
www.freebase.com/m/09gk4y3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What country is 400 george street in?
www.freebase.com/m/01731mq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0sh5dn9	what is the title track from the recording lsd
www.freebase.com/m/05n506h	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04vfzn	What genre of porn does dripping creampies 6 belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0bzq34	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	What is the genre of music that hail makes?
www.freebase.com/m/01n4w	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048pqsl	Name a location in colorado.
www.freebase.com/m/01vyr47	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what nationality is aku syrj√§
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04tn2v1	what film is considered a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/01pntlr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/043g7l	Which label signed the artist sasha sokol
www.freebase.com/m/01tg8k	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02630g	who is the owner of the tennessean
www.freebase.com/m/0zgx4z8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what is the nationality of judit ligeti kov√°cs
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/07nn02	What group makes alternative rock?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgv4x	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	What sort of book is st. therese of lisieux
www.freebase.com/m/05yxd5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	vision of disorder is a hardcore/metalcore band from Long Island that records music from what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw2gy6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sjdrwr	What's a song written by set alight
www.freebase.com/m/01qkwf8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/supporting_artists	www.freebase.com/m/080q0fz	what is the supporting artist of Japanese singer miyavi
www.freebase.com/m/0gc1xdd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of larry laverty
www.freebase.com/m/04cb65k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where was blackpresident from
www.freebase.com/m/0bp00l	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is digging for the truth in
www.freebase.com/m/064ww8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	Which continent can the bang pakong river be found?
www.freebase.com/m/0685vn	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	Which position is played by tyler walker
www.freebase.com/m/037wxlj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ws1z8	What tracks are on mos scocious: the dr. john anthology?
www.freebase.com/m/037qnz7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qpbdc	which track is part of half nelson
www.freebase.com/m/0crtljy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what is the medals of world war ii genre on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0jk_1ng	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is scream in
www.freebase.com/m/013yq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g5rqy	who is a rapper born in atlanta
www.freebase.com/m/0fngn8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is colom keating male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04q3d6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3c	where did  albert johanneson die
www.freebase.com/m/0fgfjzl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fkctp0	The song los angeles can be found on which release?
www.freebase.com/m/0339x_z	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0vd45yq	What is the name of a track from the album compositions?
www.freebase.com/m/01_mtx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0fbxjg	what program was cosgrove hall the creator of
www.freebase.com/m/02070z	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0ckwt	which english poet was killed in action?
www.freebase.com/m/0yxrlfv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is chiva?
www.freebase.com/m/02hl_c6	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0qffzrl	which console was the song cold war made for
www.freebase.com/m/01w95ns	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_r3	which caribbean country is robert \\"robbie\\" shakespeare from
www.freebase.com/m/0d914m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of charles roka
www.freebase.com/m/0j240vy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what type of film is the trouble shooter
www.freebase.com/m/0230cz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx779	what is the genre of brent mydland?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j7t	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0j868hp	which comedy book did david walliams write?
www.freebase.com/m/094lb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is gus grissom
www.freebase.com/m/0cs762h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	prisoners of hope is what type of film?
www.freebase.com/m/04vjg6g	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01h320	Who was the author editor of texas
www.freebase.com/m/03cgqb1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What profession is hugh leslie known for
www.freebase.com/m/01qd9z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013jfj	where did woody hayes's life start
www.freebase.com/m/01lqmfq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album discouraged ones
www.freebase.com/m/05mxp5	www.freebase.com/base/motorcycle/vehicle_part/motorcycle_section	www.freebase.com/m/03hqxq3	the air filter is a part of what motorcycle section?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw_qp_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g1b9jb	which release is from the recording dear john?
www.freebase.com/m/03f5kck	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0gg7pdr	what is an album given by the cave singers
www.freebase.com/m/0488g9	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0p2p43x	joseph barbera was the film story contributor to this video film
www.freebase.com/m/01vbry	www.freebase.com/meteorology/meteorological_service/forecast_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0725n69	where requires met office
www.freebase.com/m/0b42v	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0w1f_hv	what is the title of the work written by leigh brackett
www.freebase.com/m/0bs673q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	what is ramon harewood well known for
www.freebase.com/m/03pcvr	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is brian griffin male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01nfft1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was keokiclash?
www.freebase.com/m/026f4bh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is willie farley from
www.freebase.com/m/0_yvk8b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	Where was belinda leong born?
www.freebase.com/m/0kt3jc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position is tommy smart charged of
www.freebase.com/m/03cbtlw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059z0	What nationality was anton mader?
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02qb9j4	what is located in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtw9t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what does gregory goodman do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/03c225q	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride_manufacturer/rides	www.freebase.com/m/0dnhmt	what rides have been made by mack rides?
www.freebase.com/m/0gvvrpq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does paul keita play
www.freebase.com/m/02qngq7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kinds of tv program is the ghost hunter
www.freebase.com/m/031y8n9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	which continent was nighttime calls released on first
www.freebase.com/m/0crtndz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre on netflix is paris: city of light
www.freebase.com/m/0hxj72r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What is the nationality of someone from dorville?
www.freebase.com/m/04_8vk3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_9n	where was petrus cariry born
www.freebase.com/m/01446r	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nqzl1	whats the name of an album whose genre is calypso music
www.freebase.com/m/04d0cyq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/082db	who was the composer of the marriage of figaro
www.freebase.com/m/01sgps9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xmlp	Where was john mooney born?
www.freebase.com/m/05_pkf	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/07s3l45	what film was randy edelman a music contributor for?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxt1cj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What format was white music released in
www.freebase.com/m/01gt3hr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is ministry of sound: trance nation 2
www.freebase.com/m/04zykfs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	How was ch√¢telet les halles released
www.freebase.com/m/01jvcl7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05t41t	what artist made the album  mechanized warfare
www.freebase.com/m/0nhbf_v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0y94j8p	What's a track written by cassie taylor
www.freebase.com/m/0276mtb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the original language of the war of the worlds book
www.freebase.com/m/05c3m25	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06br8	which league does owen badger belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0dxn9g9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dxn9fh	what album is mercy on
www.freebase.com/m/04b2tf9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	which us state is jonestown located?
www.freebase.com/m/04c82k	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/021gk7	what company created the game ultima iv: quest of the avatar
www.freebase.com/m/03w9rnx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/048405	what mountain range is alander mountain apart of
www.freebase.com/m/04w70zv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what is beyond delivery about?
www.freebase.com/m/09v5sw5	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04rg6	Who directed the film mabels blunder
www.freebase.com/m/051_jns	www.freebase.com/theater/theatrical_lyricist/play_lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/04z_j2c	what song was written by neil bartram
www.freebase.com/m/01h1vq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	what is the label that releases robert quine's music
www.freebase.com/m/0x58k7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02w4qb	which artist recorded bulletproof
www.freebase.com/m/06hk11j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was the work nothing at all originally in?
www.freebase.com/m/040k0r5	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01tt27	Who developed legend of hero tonma 
www.freebase.com/m/0fzmbj	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	what position does mo collins play
www.freebase.com/m/0vq9w9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mcb9p	who recorded the song contagion
www.freebase.com/m/0fb4qc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is edward rowe snow male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0fg6k	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01szwq	what man was born in luton
www.freebase.com/m/0_j6n_v	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/09rbmv	who was the lyricist of love is for me
www.freebase.com/m/04_dl6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05l5n	Where was alister hardy deceased?
www.freebase.com/m/02pssyn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format does skyward have
www.freebase.com/m/0g8n40f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre is the film demolition
www.freebase.com/m/0rns3_2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	pierre st√©phen was born in what city that is home to the eiffel tower?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0dy5jk1	whos someone who has died of a myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/0hhqwzj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	which country does the show un refugio para el amor originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0281dr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nnptjm	the miracles once recorded which Christmas song?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlkpbn	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does titus bonai play
www.freebase.com/m/0283wxt	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what gameplay mode can you play rally fusion: race of champions in
www.freebase.com/m/0c_fs4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	What is laurent voulzy's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0mywr_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/08cr6t	who produced shakermaker
www.freebase.com/m/03kp6z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/arrangements	www.freebase.com/m/0_k57t2	whats the title of the arrangement  jingle bells
www.freebase.com/m/07bcn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0809tgc	Name a famous financier born in sacramento, california
www.freebase.com/m/03czqs	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/accommodation	www.freebase.com/m/0g17qg	What is the name of an accommodation in bhubaneswar?
www.freebase.com/m/02wyhv2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	what is the profession of randy brown
www.freebase.com/m/05p90p4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/080ntlp	What's neboj≈°a koharoviƒá's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0b__bn9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	Where was Hungarian football player andr√°s g√°rdos born?
www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01s_mp4	Name a Filipino post-grunge album. 
www.freebase.com/m/03pn9	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0cjk9	what language is spoken in second polish republic
www.freebase.com/m/02x1_6w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01nqh_	where is the galbenele river located 
www.freebase.com/m/02qzckh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country is david robinson from 
www.freebase.com/m/02wvl40	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01bvx1	which company makes canon eos 40d?
www.freebase.com/m/0233qs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01qfzvs	what is the album released by reggaeton duo Wisin and Yandel? 
www.freebase.com/m/0766qd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	in what continent is mount machhapuchchhre
www.freebase.com/m/01xllf	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04j12p_	what film did danny trejo produce
www.freebase.com/m/01_cnb	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01dcm	which battle was the waterloo bridge named after
www.freebase.com/m/09zs7c	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is one of boise high school colors
www.freebase.com/m/0zgqkqd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	which country os uri riashentsev from
www.freebase.com/m/010sm6	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	what is the time zone of twisp, washington
www.freebase.com/m/03ckg1f	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0gkgp	where did battle of sullivan's island happen?
www.freebase.com/m/0wbjsvp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which language is kanwarlal filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/04j13b0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	What language is the fifth cord in?
www.freebase.com/m/01dv4h	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_genre/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0bnn20q	What is the title of the Madame Jeanne Hebuterne portrait
www.freebase.com/m/0h5x4j3	www.freebase.com/automotive/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pyld	what are some lamborghini models?
www.freebase.com/m/04v8yxx	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/019gz	who is the author editor of the book dracula (horror classics)?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07hzz9	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/04nm0nj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What type of movie is vinyan
www.freebase.com/m/01337_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/018mm4	where is james coburn buried
www.freebase.com/m/07_wlr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the film watermelon man?
www.freebase.com/m/01c2rd	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06k6bq5	Name a work written by peter ackroyd
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y2nhb	what asteroid was discovered on march 16, 1977
www.freebase.com/m/0gm8f5b	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0k1c41l	who is the producer of the jerusalem play
www.freebase.com/m/0c35q_	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02wszf	what position did tim bogar play?
www.freebase.com/m/0413mm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where did the film tubular bells ii live originate?
www.freebase.com/m/04txkj5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what is the binding on a reporter for lincoln
www.freebase.com/m/035_l_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09jp3	where was luis alberto lacalle born
www.freebase.com/m/0b776zp	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	where was the discovery of (9528) 1981 eh24 made at?
www.freebase.com/m/05y17v9	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is johannes meintjes's favorite material to work with 
www.freebase.com/m/02ryt80	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the film cowboys & angels?
www.freebase.com/m/0643s15	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what type of movie is ciao
www.freebase.com/m/0rr_j6g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q9kr4w	What release is phoenix from
www.freebase.com/m/07mnbj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01x_6s	what is the place of birth of estanislao zuleta
www.freebase.com/m/01w4062	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	what genre best categorizes lajon witherspoon
www.freebase.com/m/05zxs2g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vzl3	what alternative rock band from Chicago is the author of of the blue colour of the sky
www.freebase.com/m/027_s71	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jdtt	Where was marc batta's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02hx58h	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	what is the language family of lega-mwenga language
www.freebase.com/m/0chcjr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is sue beardsmore
www.freebase.com/m/05f6ks	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colleges_and_universities	www.freebase.com/m/0220q6	Name a university that has alpha kappa alpha.
www.freebase.com/m/0y4y6gr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What was the release type of playmate to jesus?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6mhg7	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0_6q0zd	what album release evolution on it  
www.freebase.com/m/0381_n5	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was true till death released
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01fj9dd	name a soundtrack.
www.freebase.com/m/01s4g4d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what type of music does soul syndicate make 
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01d75g	What is the name of someone who is very good at the guitar
www.freebase.com/m/052f5s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01w613	what type of show would showtime at the apollo be considered as
www.freebase.com/m/04r9_h	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/05rxhz	which organization is founded by bruce wasserstein
www.freebase.com/m/05b5p2n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of bat-manga!: the secret history of batman in japan?
www.freebase.com/m/042gln	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0b7b5v	Where did the tuscarora war take place
www.freebase.com/m/0c00vyq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Where was the trout movie filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/01515d	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/0bczn8	which character has the ability of flight?
www.freebase.com/m/0x2b278	www.freebase.com/travel/hotel/operated_by	www.freebase.com/m/04fv0k	who operates the fairfield inn & suites austin northwest/arboretum
www.freebase.com/m/0s9jzwr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was outro filmed
www.freebase.com/m/04xtlbs	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/02x6jsv	Who edited the 2000 version of always?
www.freebase.com/m/0j9lt2v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of album is life in a beautiful light
www.freebase.com/m/04wh4_k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06xrp8	shamanism is under the umbrella of what subject
www.freebase.com/m/0y64j	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0hpdlzt	Which instrumentalist played the bugle (instrument)?
www.freebase.com/m/05t10tl	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0478__m	who composed the song paparazzi (lady gaga song)
www.freebase.com/m/0dj5hky	www.freebase.com/media_common/quotation/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018sjn	What is the subject of the quotation "i must decide if you deserve to die."?
www.freebase.com/m/0b28b7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	what kind of music is the feeling known for
www.freebase.com/m/0gkzyzl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	johnny gentle's music would most accurately labeled as?
www.freebase.com/m/06w6xz	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/01z1jf2	what kind of cuisine is served at fosters freeze
www.freebase.com/m/0cjwwz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was don't be a sucker! released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0js_nk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0v9qg	where in michigan was kurt luedtke born
www.freebase.com/m/03nlj06	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05hcy	Where is venomousspida from
www.freebase.com/m/0260ph	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/03vrlp	what's the treatment for a pulmonary edema
www.freebase.com/m/01qps6n	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvjhx	which musician recorded the silver collection
www.freebase.com/m/03h_yfh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fttg	where was nat king cole from
www.freebase.com/m/0mrtlqq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0frdl2z	what is the release track on paid in full
www.freebase.com/m/046trm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/051svz8	Who is the mad scientist character created by mike allred?
www.freebase.com/m/05zy_rc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/013rxq	Which genre of music is the album inolvidable?
www.freebase.com/m/026y29q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	what type of album is the spirit of christmas 2001?
www.freebase.com/m/0q76ngy	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was the album contender released
www.freebase.com/m/09nqky	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01mtqf	what type of cancer did thami el glaoui die from
www.freebase.com/m/09sh6g	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02r_9wb	who wrote the film eclipse?
www.freebase.com/m/0k21h9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What is andrew deemer's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0ndpc2y	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position in baseball does  melvin mercedes play
www.freebase.com/m/038vxxg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qt566	What is a song that can be found on james and the giant peach?
www.freebase.com/m/0d3548	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/05nssg	tudor place is an example of what kind of architectural style?
www.freebase.com/m/0z6025l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	What country is the film garden of eden from?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggs2zb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02rdxjl	which british series did christopher lee participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/02t63	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/satellite_manufacturer/spacecraft_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/01dn4b	What's a spacecraft from european space agency
www.freebase.com/m/0ml69vs	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01d534g	what is the name of the recording that contains the track sarajevo?
www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/047c43q	What is the name of a community in ohio?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrz4l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	what is the administered route for triclosan 0.005 soap
www.freebase.com/m/0h54w30	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position does max weiler play
www.freebase.com/m/0ycfj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l1ry4	what's a song by van halen
www.freebase.com/m/0cwy47	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/027vps	who directed cleopatra?
www.freebase.com/m/04xn0_p	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/04w3tjv	which book is the 1990 edition of the last station?
www.freebase.com/m/01bbm_7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is all about us
www.freebase.com/m/0yqj_kz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02wsmv	in what district is the wolf river located?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnssxw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m8xcfc	What is the track list for the release a1 a2?
www.freebase.com/m/0w4_wnv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what country is inna korolyova from
www.freebase.com/m/03wzw0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is lennox robinson 's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/027kp_k	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what genre is the book and chaos died
www.freebase.com/m/01m5m5b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/016tld6	What's a track by mychael danna
www.freebase.com/m/01qdjm	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0mdlh_	Name a track produced by wayne shorter
www.freebase.com/m/0g67xcl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03d2k	which artist worked on the album live and smokin'
www.freebase.com/m/0g41zps	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	which country released divine pig
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zkwn4x	What's a song written by tori amos
www.freebase.com/m/01vv91	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of robert owen
www.freebase.com/m/027bvlr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is thru the moebius strip
www.freebase.com/m/04c852q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mlsj	which country locates belmont park
www.freebase.com/m/0c6zn1h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender that describes gerhard stolz
www.freebase.com/m/0_7vy0m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was voices written in
www.freebase.com/m/0y38p7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fz76zh	Which album contains the song lament for gandalf
www.freebase.com/m/07k7crm	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05kyr	who was one of the participants during the battle of sheikh saad
www.freebase.com/m/0bxd3j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/06xlytr	What is the name of an episode that norman tokar directed?
www.freebase.com/m/063_q9v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0sq2v	which city contains the main administration building?
www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_participating_country/olympics_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0jdk_	WHat's an Olympic games that new zealand participated in
www.freebase.com/m/061p2g	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	what language is spoken by chinese australian?
www.freebase.com/m/0bdgp	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/045_n_	what is an example of renaissance architecture
www.freebase.com/m/025sf9q	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/biofluid_location	www.freebase.com/m/06qcqh	what is the biofluid location of  sulfur
www.freebase.com/m/0wr__2c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0wr__6j	What's an episode from chef abroad - season 2
www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0jwsrvh	Name a progressive metal album
www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02pt2f_	who was an outfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01s8s_h	What is an example of a heavy metal band?
www.freebase.com/m/05c1px1	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04b67	who was involved in the battle of tiptons island
www.freebase.com/m/0z43_d6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is remember me from
www.freebase.com/m/0nd1by0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What genre is Bloodlock?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfhxh9	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/058n1f	Who produced step up?
www.freebase.com/m/0522c7g	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is Boyd Kosiyabong's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0b5xxl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hzyh	Where was hadise born
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0f2w9z	what are some science fiction films?
www.freebase.com/m/06cm9t	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	What type of videogame is fifa street?
www.freebase.com/m/05d6w3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	what is the genre of the movie the musketeer
www.freebase.com/m/0dwtqln	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mcsn79	which track is part of mahogany
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsbdy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What kind of drug is liothyronine sodium 50 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02l2q2	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/09g73hf	What events happened in agen
www.freebase.com/m/03f193t	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0qcfnqj	What is a track that was produced by john congleton
www.freebase.com/m/03c7ryn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is bruno candido farias?
www.freebase.com/m/026_h5c	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/026_h5c	what campus is the evangelical seminary on
www.freebase.com/m/04gm1hh	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/04f29g	Where was the battle of jaquijahuana held?
www.freebase.com/m/0m56080	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fpsmw	what kind of music is piano
www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/05lvkd	what ingredient is in gluten-free diet
www.freebase.com/m/03t9d8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01bcp7	what was ian rilen's cause of death
www.freebase.com/m/0dx7l_	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	What kind of school is lewis college of business?
www.freebase.com/m/022n3w	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/02dkgs	Where was the burial place of longqing emperor?
www.freebase.com/m/08_6pw	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02qpbqj	what position does thomas tapeh play?
www.freebase.com/m/02pj6dr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01pncf	which notable person died in abdolmalek rigi
www.freebase.com/m/0301wn	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j2lrd8	Who is the daughter of grant hill?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0c42b8d	what is a planetary system within the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/03c09rp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is soldier with the green whiskers's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03qjm_k	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01v_pj6	who is the composer of the song turn on, tune in, cop out
www.freebase.com/m/02hxn8d	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	Where is the dubli language spoken
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02vvp36	what thriller (genre) movie was produced by chuck Workman
www.freebase.com/m/08m9x3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what category does the celestial object 943 begonia belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0z6ndb7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is phillip schwartz from
www.freebase.com/m/0kfqsbn	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/director	www.freebase.com/m/03cdm_c	Who is the director of the theater production sherlock holmes
www.freebase.com/m/02vy57s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what style of music does mark nauseef play 
www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01mvnp8	which artist performs a house music genre
www.freebase.com/m/0x58_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone is hartington located in
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0d12lx	What historian was born in london?
www.freebase.com/m/03hh6nh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w31x	what is the recording label of ivan busic
www.freebase.com/m/041r4q	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09hr35	Who directed the movie better luck tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02drn4	what is the name of a 1990 romantic comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0wh60lz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0150t6	which artist released mona lisa / castaway?
www.freebase.com/m/01vtj38	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01l30xz	what duo was cher a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0g3xn_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	what types of tv program is secret agent man
www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/019m42	What's a football team in sao paulo?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtgm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dsx	what genre is the film catching out?
www.freebase.com/m/0kvgyb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what style of film is suddenly, last summer under?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04d5plm	what is an album
www.freebase.com/m/0gh6dh1	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/06_wyyq	what family is malia ann obama a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/06205x	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what type of book is the company of women
www.freebase.com/m/0l4h_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j1xtx	what is a known mockumentary film
www.freebase.com/m/05b43_v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02f69k	which artist recorded melora a la basilica 
www.freebase.com/m/0d_3y2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what kind of video game is bone: the great cow race
www.freebase.com/m/04w8ym6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04sh3	what is the book crazy about 
www.freebase.com/m/048nxsd	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0l2lk	Which county is the del monte forest, california found
www.freebase.com/m/0xzmk9c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/02x93k2	what song is from the recording ave maria
www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02s808	does melbourne contain hawthorn east or oakland
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw1w3	What is the name of a documentary film that follows a band
www.freebase.com/m/02689_z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	is margareth menezes signed to universal music group or young money
www.freebase.com/m/0glnnpz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05b0f7	what label signed ryujin kiyoshi
www.freebase.com/m/029_72	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kqb0	where is reddish located
www.freebase.com/m/0zz4yf1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	which country is metube: august sings carmen 'habanera' from 
www.freebase.com/m/02890fy	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/02cqbx	Who did the costume design for star spangled rhythm
www.freebase.com/m/01kf2vl	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	which label is the album northern star from
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bbr256	which short film came out in 1911?
www.freebase.com/m/0c7h5r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	This is the language the black mountain was written in.
www.freebase.com/m/0w518pv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	the olympia, 1961 & 1964  is what type of album?
www.freebase.com/m/0pxc8v_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	what country was me and me dad filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/01s7h50	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	where did lee jae-won come from
www.freebase.com/m/06f6z7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where is ianbostridge form
www.freebase.com/m/01gh6z	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/05w5vr	What is partially located in minas gerais?
www.freebase.com/m/0plwq1f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	where did maria julieta drummond de andrade pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0qrt9d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	which artist recorded strummin' song 
www.freebase.com/m/0zm660k	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01c8v0	who wrote the song  i dug up a diamond
www.freebase.com/m/04wd9j9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03nfmq	what topic is houses and gardens of portugal written about
www.freebase.com/m/03f89l	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is the battle of the colline gate in
www.freebase.com/m/01kp2dn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kp2mk	Who is the artist that wrote the 7 weeks: live in america 2003 album
www.freebase.com/m/01mrm67	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what is the genre of one cold night
www.freebase.com/m/09ytwk	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	Which hockey position is played by andreas lilja
www.freebase.com/m/0495j86	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is hargrove located?
www.freebase.com/m/04sry	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fdgw8	what film about steven prince did martin scorsese direct
www.freebase.com/m/04tstk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what type of music is the album final fantasy x original soundtrack?
www.freebase.com/m/0m0nt6d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was  chauncey steele, jr. born
www.freebase.com/m/06wb16b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	WHat kind of music is opafire
www.freebase.com/m/0j_7hyr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where is friedrich karl schmidt from
www.freebase.com/m/01nz1q6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pl9f3	Name a track by yoko ono.
www.freebase.com/m/0brngq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is ann corio from?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd_zj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	What genre of videogame is mega man dos
www.freebase.com/m/04_5k2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fhsz	what country is naples national archaeological museum in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gyrf6v	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what is the star system that (10486) 1985 cs2 is in 
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j23h2	what thriller was directed by F√©lix Enr√≠quez Alcal√°
www.freebase.com/m/02r85r6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music is nue?
www.freebase.com/m/0kysc8w	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0xkl	what platform can you play mask two two?
www.freebase.com/m/09dt7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01k56k	Who was roger zelazny a great influence upon?
www.freebase.com/m/04k6tm	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxpqv	what is baltimore hebrew university
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crsp_w	What is the name of a title from the france netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/047gnzf	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is  the glass cafe
www.freebase.com/m/0dpndsl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m96lrw	what is the release track on starfish
www.freebase.com/m/02q_55n	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position does dick mcbride play in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsnpr	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/06y4m_	What is an active ingredient found in docetaxel 10 injectable solution?
www.freebase.com/m/04whb_c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05mp1	What is the subject of the book sacred tarot?
www.freebase.com/m/05kh_	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/027pvmq	what movie is written by orson welles?
www.freebase.com/m/01sbnbn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music does vaughn make
www.freebase.com/m/0ctxw6	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0r3tq	Where is whitewater river?
www.freebase.com/m/0b4_x1	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/04wdsj	who is a character that appears in  damaged goods (doctor who novel)
www.freebase.com/m/03rltf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what type of music does the artist he yong play
www.freebase.com/m/0sgw406	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0sgw3lx	What was the recording for the composition 50/50?
www.freebase.com/m/0h651z	www.freebase.com/base/folklore/mythical_creature/area_of_occurrence	www.freebase.com/m/017jq	what area does the mythical creature black dog appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0g9vjdt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the concubine?
www.freebase.com/m/0d3rr9	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05cv94	who executive producednever cry wolf
www.freebase.com/m/04jkltl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02x52f	how did tyrice thompson die?
www.freebase.com/m/02qyk2f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	Where was kenneth heilman born?
www.freebase.com/m/0d4x_3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/06yfx2n	What is the name of an episode on the nick cannon show
www.freebase.com/m/0g9vl2r	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/02vp74	What was devdas adapted from
www.freebase.com/m/07t18b	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/08sk8l	which film story did tony diterlizzi contribute to?
www.freebase.com/m/02dsk2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what country is michael ridpath from 
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/027t9gk	Who is a painting artist?
www.freebase.com/m/01j7mr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05ng8wd	what famous entreprenour appeared in the daily show
www.freebase.com/m/0t_6s4_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02lk95	Who is the artist that released kristofferson?
www.freebase.com/m/02x667n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	What musical genre is sredinom
www.freebase.com/m/0f2nf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04myrtj	What Canadian actor was born in new haven
www.freebase.com/m/01_6hg	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/05dqyv	What is the name of a restaurant that makes delicatessen cuisine?
www.freebase.com/m/01g4wnz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is ministry of sound: hard nrg: the anthems?
www.freebase.com/m/0322yj	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/08rnj6	who was the writer for the film the terminal
www.freebase.com/m/04y8v8	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/04y8r3	What was the founder of elizabeth glaser pediatric aids foundation
www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/03y86rq	What is the name of a astronomical discovery made by la silla observatory
www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wd_wk	what book is about psychology?
www.freebase.com/m/0349wkl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l4x0xb	whats the name of a track from the release guetta blaster
www.freebase.com/m/03ntb0m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0s0js	what was kalƒÅkua kaheiheimƒÅlie's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0qm6w8_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/028v3	what kinds of movie is the daughter
www.freebase.com/m/06zsb76	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is anna dorothea therbusch a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04w42bb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	what genre is the book people who led to my plays
www.freebase.com/m/01k_ggt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the album content type of 40th anniversary collection (disc 2)?
www.freebase.com/m/04jmd46	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is my love ultimate essential collection
www.freebase.com/m/0hp2x8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of alice lindahl?
www.freebase.com/m/02hml64	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06kf0j	Who is the American publisher of might and magic ii: gates to another world?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_zjc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qdgx	what genre of music does larry santos perform
www.freebase.com/m/02qwjl5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what is the genre of the netflix title love story 2050?
www.freebase.com/m/0ht6x	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	what is strategic air command about?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxrk	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/042v3z	What's a tourist attraction in hokkaido
www.freebase.com/m/03cbsy1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02k9yd8	What type of publication is the north coast journal
www.freebase.com/m/0w1xbzb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album was  angel
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0hgl0l7	what is the title of a tv crime fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/0ttp3	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	which time zone is used in cockeysville, maryland
www.freebase.com/m/03d441w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02z0j	What is the birth place of jo weil
www.freebase.com/m/0f82fg4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01b794	Who recorded heroes
www.freebase.com/m/02p1p4	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c4c4hq	which 1976 comedy film did phillip adams produce?
www.freebase.com/m/05x86p	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/02q6xpy	who created the fictional character hirohiko araki
www.freebase.com/m/026hkl4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09lxtg	What is the nationality of cleopatra borel?
www.freebase.com/m/02wvtx0	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	What american football position does jack smith play
www.freebase.com/m/08zfpy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqvs58	What is the active moiety of the drug entacapone
www.freebase.com/m/053gk7	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does mauricio pellegrino play?
www.freebase.com/m/024qnb	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country does bahujan samaj party belong to
www.freebase.com/m/06fmpf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06b0n3	What kind of film is up!?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4wb	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/02vrr	What condition does pope pius ix have
www.freebase.com/m/0r186	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/046mxj	who was born in chowchilla
www.freebase.com/m/04jppft	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is the marihuana story
www.freebase.com/m/01mt74t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01b0s17	who was the artist for john berry
www.freebase.com/m/026pw93	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was falso brilhante released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04221c	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	where does liam rosenior stand on the field 
www.freebase.com/m/01080v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mqcy	Which county is balmorhea in?
www.freebase.com/m/0465fzh	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	what architectural style is ephraim atwood house considered
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cryrb2	what's the title of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/02hwpfz	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is  xaragure language
www.freebase.com/m/0kj9x_4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nqft7	Which album is independent released in?
www.freebase.com/m/093gz5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtps1	what causes fenofibrate to work
www.freebase.com/m/0gskj	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q6p0z	what artwork was created by man ray
www.freebase.com/m/071nw5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m87	what netflix genre is the film little children (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0tgj2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nn6_	What county is latonia lakes within
www.freebase.com/m/062t2	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/047cxc6	which surgical complication is pain a symptom of
www.freebase.com/m/0264nl4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what type of music is woh lamhe
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtwl3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02nsfz	what active compound is found inmoexipril hydrochloride and hydrochlorothiazide
www.freebase.com/m/0dz5crp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fng70q	the love story recording is part of what album 
www.freebase.com/m/0411p_4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d35y	Where did lois irene marshall pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0x__m	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	What format was the fame monster released in
www.freebase.com/m/01fwww3	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/0f7x7b	what film is the soundtrack summer catch from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk0g8	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is pieve di coriano time
www.freebase.com/m/0_6n4b1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form is go home train in
www.freebase.com/m/02_5b15	www.freebase.com/computer/computer/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/019tk3	what manufacturer produced msx2
www.freebase.com/m/0zs7rny	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/locations	www.freebase.com/m/055yrc	in which continent does haiku inc. operate
www.freebase.com/m/0_dspyx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0sh3162	what releases contain the track on the way home?
www.freebase.com/m/09lrv	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/01796z	what family house does princess margaret, countess of snowdon belong to
www.freebase.com/m/077s6y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what type of music does dan zanes make
www.freebase.com/m/09rnw5p	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	Which material is self-portrait by French Symbolist painted on
www.freebase.com/m/0271mtq	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	What is the spirit color of west holmes high school
www.freebase.com/m/018p6z	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02d8lq	Name a town in saga prefecture 
www.freebase.com/m/01msxvy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of music is utopia known for
www.freebase.com/m/065qps	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of movie is project viper
www.freebase.com/m/0w1tzbk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre is the film exit point?
www.freebase.com/m/0nllzq5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0k1bs	who was the artist that recorded blue yodel #9
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h_pwg	Name a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/01jw3_8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f3kcf	who is the author of the very worst of judge dread album
www.freebase.com/m/0_x7lph	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was the movie batman: assault on arkham produced
www.freebase.com/m/0k8ycwt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07t13s	what type of music doe damien starkey preform 
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0416rq	what artist plays rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/047cbg5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	What kind of music is bad boy joe 
www.freebase.com/m/01jw5s8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album was the chronicle of the black sword 
www.freebase.com/m/0fvszs9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is dark was the night
www.freebase.com/m/02q288g	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is the profession of brad william henke 
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/019q_s	Name a fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/09mmw_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country did the show brooklyn bridge come from
www.freebase.com/m/07s6j0g	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Which country is the film at full gallop from
www.freebase.com/m/01vrzqm	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jdjy_	what did ian paice compose?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcg8pc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lphb	Where was David E. Brown born?
www.freebase.com/m/0jv8bc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is s.d. wilcox's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0vyjg5c	name a professional actor.
www.freebase.com/m/052l9wx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what is beach scene at sunset made with
www.freebase.com/m/0j289x2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06r7yq	where was carlos c√©sar neves born 
www.freebase.com/m/024cl83	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/018gqj	who produced the recording lisa?
www.freebase.com/m/01kwh7y	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country releases i ching
www.freebase.com/m/0rhnsnd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was snap released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0nk1p	www.freebase.com/book/school_or_movement/associated_authors	www.freebase.com/m/070mww	who is a poet associated with symbolism
www.freebase.com/m/01mmgx4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01ynvx	which album is played by gorilla biscuits
www.freebase.com/m/03qlv7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01vv3j4	Who plays the tenor saxophone
www.freebase.com/m/03fgt8w	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lxp3d5	What's a song from urgh! a music war
www.freebase.com/m/03sryx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	where is charters towers located
www.freebase.com/m/0fpjd0k	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position did andriy bohdanov play
www.freebase.com/m/09rdns	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	What type of computer videogame is marvel vs. capcom 2: new age of heroes?
www.freebase.com/m/0rfdd88	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what country is kristen kish from
www.freebase.com/m/057653	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/01npcx	what films have bruce feirstein written?
www.freebase.com/m/053jh21	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	what is the musical album above's genre?
www.freebase.com/m/05rx76	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is butt-ugly martians spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/035t596	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the holiday collection released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02y9wq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/064c1v	Which Australian artist was born in dunedin?
www.freebase.com/m/02hw_9l	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/06n1j	what language family is the kaduo language in
www.freebase.com/m/0dj45p5	www.freebase.com/event/disaster_victim/killed_in_disaster	www.freebase.com/m/03hzt	which disaster was jacques benguigui killed in?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03yh674	What orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0fbl4ch	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Is thoroughfare gap an ep or an album
www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0270pm1	What is the name of a hockey centerman
www.freebase.com/m/058x0l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	Where is the padma river?
www.freebase.com/m/0yj9v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w1swwg	which actor was born in wilmington, north carolina?
www.freebase.com/m/06g82j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what music style does sean kinney make 
www.freebase.com/m/0nw1q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048z3vq	what city is located in owyhee county
www.freebase.com/m/02rgmzh	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/03vtbc	what is the color of holy rosary high school
www.freebase.com/m/093jsy	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/029_3	Who helped produce the film strangers with candy?
www.freebase.com/m/04ljvmh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01xbgx	what country was vann vannak born in
www.freebase.com/m/01r03ln	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0df219	what kind of album is dj ti√´sto live at innercity - amsterdam rai
www.freebase.com/m/022_gr	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_conference/teams	www.freebase.com/m/05gjbx5	which basketball teams attended southland conference
www.freebase.com/m/09g6dd	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/088vb	north-western province is in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjcb21	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is shanghai fiction from?
www.freebase.com/m/04yxwv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	What country was steven richards born in
www.freebase.com/m/0bqc_	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/governing_body_of_protected_sites/protected_sites_governed	www.freebase.com/m/027tdtg	what sites do united states forest service protect?
www.freebase.com/m/02qnh6d	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/095xv8	which scottish family was involved in the stuart period
www.freebase.com/m/0lqjzrq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039365b	what release is from the track star
www.freebase.com/m/0653m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j358p	Name a film in mandarin chinese
www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/02wvfxl	what is a sports team in boston
www.freebase.com/m/0fbxfkl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dpmbn4	What's a song written by jennifer hudson
www.freebase.com/m/0h5ls7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where was claude poirier born
www.freebase.com/m/05461	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/05417	what is mood stabilizer used to treat?
www.freebase.com/m/02w110t	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/05sxj6	Which doctor was featured in the book revenge of the judoon?
www.freebase.com/m/04l6d1	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t19g3	What book did donald e. westlake write
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01m7dnk	Name a rhythm and blues artist
www.freebase.com/m/023hmfx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01v9sc	What genre is the music album mis romances
www.freebase.com/m/0b5j1y	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017k1p	What is the name of an artist that is signed to noise records
www.freebase.com/m/047vlhj	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	What instrument does richard sohl play?
www.freebase.com/m/01krx6	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/02rs3zs	which war was held in korean peninsula
www.freebase.com/m/073vhd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is davey moore from 
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09zrzq	what's the name of a heavy metal album
www.freebase.com/m/0x2fg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/05x_rv	Name a victim of homicide.
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gj8mls	what is a jazz album recorded in 1966?
www.freebase.com/m/065m6tb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01pz3b	What is the subject of the book lowboy?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y77_5	What's an asteroid found at La Silla
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrsc7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0h1zw	what is an active ingredient in aminosyn ii?
www.freebase.com/m/02w5kh9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what type of film is a noise from the deep?
www.freebase.com/m/04t3nkn	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what subject is the expectant universe book about
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/05wbh4	who is an african american rapper?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk_j63	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z0wl	Where was roland szab√≥ born
www.freebase.com/m/09k4sg3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what genre is the netflix title the wedding director?
www.freebase.com/m/02hkf_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what country is james rennell a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0zkqnlg	What's a biographical film
www.freebase.com/m/02ppl6t	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/09p06	advise & consent is a film produced by whom?
www.freebase.com/m/03ch3th	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/075w_m	who created the character simon dark
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw9cw	what is a romance film 
www.freebase.com/m/0ztcbsh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country locates hamlin lake
www.freebase.com/m/09g7cx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	Which genre of book is the parafaith war?
www.freebase.com/m/02p3w2v	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what type of videogame is the worms armageddon
www.freebase.com/m/0hqttdv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of black pepper 0.05 injectable solution 
www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v9v56g	what famous person was born in ohio
www.freebase.com/m/0jxm7cp	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/016_8j	What is an active ingredient in zinc oxide and lanolin 0.15/0.15 ointment?
www.freebase.com/m/0285wcj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats folliott sandford pierpoint's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04wjbzk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01b3vw	who wrote the life of jesus in masterpieces of art
www.freebase.com/m/05xbx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cs4k_l	What are the names of netflix movies in public broadcasting service?
www.freebase.com/m/0nk8d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/013m7f	What is the origin of sixpence none the richer?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hg72r	what is a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/02xj98n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/06x3bm	what is the name of an episode from the tv series buffy the vampire slayer season 7
www.freebase.com/m/0b6jx_m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is carl emil petersen's biological sex
www.freebase.com/m/036jv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03bybj_	Which artist is known for gangsta rap?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/02z0pdb	which films involves aviation?
www.freebase.com/m/0q9plr9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q75wqs	What album is i have a dream from
www.freebase.com/m/0cjbl1s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01ydtg	how is ashley chin classified as an artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0bwlpqn	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of object is (5834) 1992 sz14
www.freebase.com/m/0hzw6wn	www.freebase.com/zoos/zoo_exhibit/species	www.freebase.com/m/01_3_9	what species is in the penguin exhibit?
www.freebase.com/m/0140ly	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/kingdom	www.freebase.com/m/01d8l	what is charles iv of hungar's kingdom 
www.freebase.com/m/0gxlb9	www.freebase.com/games/game/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0216z	what type of game is dune
www.freebase.com/m/02z7lxy	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04t4qd	who directed a fistful of fingers 
www.freebase.com/m/0d_x2r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what genre in netflix is lemming in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7s98	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is language spoken in blink 
www.freebase.com/m/05n_5fs	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/098n_m	who directed too romantic
www.freebase.com/m/0gr146	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/078lk	Which country is the city of sini, sardinia located in
www.freebase.com/m/06wblbg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What is the genre of the aritst ilia
www.freebase.com/m/0c6n5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01q0l	where in turkey did manuel ii palaiologos' place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/01s8jt9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gp5df	What was the place of birth of hiroyuki takami
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrlt4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legality of the drug atractylodes japonica root 0.00055 lotion?
www.freebase.com/m/0286j6m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jhd	where was chingiz sadykhov born
www.freebase.com/m/064p3s5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gave jeb loy nichols his or her nationality
www.freebase.com/m/028b715	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What is the genre of the book called hothouse
www.freebase.com/m/04cxbf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02rfft	Who developed unreal championship?
www.freebase.com/m/09ghhqp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	what genre did the artist in dread response perform
www.freebase.com/m/01fx8q2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was the album kontor: top of the clubs, volume 15?
www.freebase.com/m/0gpq6y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what is the school type of hemet high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0c9b4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ali g's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/043lk4v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/082pc	where is deir jarir located in
www.freebase.com/m/07jwr	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/04h_5c	What male politician died from tuberculosis?
www.freebase.com/m/03d0lm7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r0xb	what was  masakazu yoshizawa place of death
www.freebase.com/m/03mm31	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/026tlzp	Who produced sweet november?
www.freebase.com/m/09b8m	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/01nl92	which airports are nearby kingston?
www.freebase.com/m/026ztwl	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisors	www.freebase.com/m/09qxy	who was george volkoff's advisor?
www.freebase.com/m/0ln65h0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/011wgt9	which record is part of preacher
www.freebase.com/m/04y41	www.freebase.com/book/school_or_movement/associated_authors	www.freebase.com/m/09kgnsk	who is an associated author with the movement of  modernism
www.freebase.com/m/034hykf	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01fhzf	who is the producer of the empire strikes first
www.freebase.com/m/05z9b2	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/029g_vk	what industry is radiolinja
www.freebase.com/m/0d8_ll	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	which major war did edward whipple bancroft morrison participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0_jyksr	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is candide: act i. auto da f√© (what a day) written in
www.freebase.com/m/027nghn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is philippe jaroussky male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04b1zjc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is marling located
www.freebase.com/m/019b80	www.freebase.com/fashion/garment/more_specialized_forms	www.freebase.com/m/0423xw	whats a specific type of sweater
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsv6c	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01h2ty	what drug is estradiol 0.0375 patch an ingredient in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ft_f28	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what type of music is congorock categorized as
www.freebase.com/m/03qmbvm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	Where is novo tiradentes?
www.freebase.com/m/01l_2xj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was benny mardones?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqvprw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05pqnv	whats an active moiety in the drug hydroquinone/dioxybenzone/oxybenzone/padimate o
www.freebase.com/m/0c5lg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07c7d0	who was a judge
www.freebase.com/m/054y_9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d8r8	In which northern french city was matthias de lobel born?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/01g8n9	who practiced boxing
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jtr49	An example of a studio album is?
www.freebase.com/m/03m54p8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of markus bott
www.freebase.com/m/0zmwh3l	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What movie genre is meri hukumat
www.freebase.com/m/0yqfyps	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of themba mkhize
www.freebase.com/m/0cv20h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0psxp	Where was phil harvey birthed
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jrgzb	What's an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/0crrryt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What netflix genre does sugihara: conspiracy of kindness belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04mhh8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01wn72	Where is yumi yoshimura from?
www.freebase.com/m/02w8pjl	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/033dxbc	What is the name of a release that was produced by marco polo
www.freebase.com/m/04xdpkg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	What topic is featured in moon handbooks minnesota
www.freebase.com/m/09hx6ly	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	Which license does fouranalyticphilosophers have
www.freebase.com/m/060tnv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01l5rz	where in england was angela c. smith born?
www.freebase.com/m/03qr0n0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02w1x_	what artist made visa?
www.freebase.com/m/0y46qbd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	what is the release type of the album ?
www.freebase.com/m/02qlbjb	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	what is the religion of rajendra singh?
www.freebase.com/m/07s41kk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is m√≥nika lamperth?
www.freebase.com/m/0csh28	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/068bs	what type of school is madrona school
www.freebase.com/m/0397fk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h9qh	what movie genre is the blob?
www.freebase.com/m/04wf8zq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What type of subject is the last real season written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvkv3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	did arthur gamgee die from pneumonia or cancer
www.freebase.com/m/01wck4m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What genre of music did cordell crockett play?
www.freebase.com/m/049nq	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0vkcq	what towns are in kingdom of the netherlands?
www.freebase.com/m/01kcry	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0lbt3	whats a treatment for  lyme disease
www.freebase.com/m/0wkh_gw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what country is pico de las cabras in?
www.freebase.com/m/0vgkd	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hlbldz	what movie is black comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0blq5y	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/038sfnk	what release did pip williams produce
www.freebase.com/m/032bfz	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0h3402w	Who is a parent of natasha lyonne
www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01s7yg6	who was an instrumentalist that played the saxophone
www.freebase.com/m/02hm7lp	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/028lv	what platform is needed to play pacific strike
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pgf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is antonia white's most known for in literature?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsd9y6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where did paul foucher pass away
www.freebase.com/m/03m95z6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0lb6d	where is france is la serre located
www.freebase.com/m/0289sgm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what genre is the computer videogame i of the dragon
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhk5j	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what is the shape of the hydroxyzine hydrochloride 25 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/04q1spp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m1xv	What kind of show is that metal show
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03h61dn	Name a city in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03mdz9b	what belgian player plays as a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/0jtfdw	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c0rz3	which 2007 comedy film did robert pulcini directed?
www.freebase.com/m/01k08zc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is the best of roger whittaker
www.freebase.com/m/02hsn4g	www.freebase.com/internet/website_status/sites	www.freebase.com/m/026zxcx	which sites have active as their website status
www.freebase.com/m/04w6449	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0c5fsk	what is radical e written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0rjjyv7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kp63n	Who is the artist that recorded waiting to dance
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02q68ch	Name an african american person
www.freebase.com/m/0fyqpv8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pjww1	who is the artist behind the album titled  sto sirio iparhoune pedia
www.freebase.com/m/0h5y0v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is ella enchanted from
www.freebase.com/m/049227z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	what state does glen ayre exist in
www.freebase.com/m/07ctz2	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	what religion is laila d√•v√∏y
www.freebase.com/m/0l1l1tl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/032w2g9	what release did hummer come from
www.freebase.com/m/0r8h2lk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country is oceane from?
www.freebase.com/m/01l1rw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kh3bk	which 1999 album did elmer bernstein produce?
www.freebase.com/m/027c99q	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is waking up in reno in?
www.freebase.com/m/03vtny	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dyjjt8	What is a track by artist damien rice?
www.freebase.com/m/02pmm1h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is berlin township in
www.freebase.com/m/03kj67	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02xsld	who is the hale telescope named after?
www.freebase.com/m/047vpb8	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of book is the purple cloud
www.freebase.com/m/0h719rt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what types of movie is sobre viv√™ncia
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/08l41d	what is a heavy metal album made by a german metal ground
www.freebase.com/m/01km1hd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what gameplay mode does secret of mana have
www.freebase.com/m/0_hp23f	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the composition let the bells ring?
www.freebase.com/m/05bmq4p	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	What type of support is the artwork chateaubriand meditating on the ruins of rome done on
www.freebase.com/m/0cc70xv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0jdx	What is the country of origin of the film besa e kuqe?
www.freebase.com/m/0czd0y4	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what film locations were featured in hong kong confidential?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6p114	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what types of tv program is warriors
www.freebase.com/m/05l9bk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jntzs	what albums have been released by humble pie?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs1c4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of bzk plus prep pad?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqm_58	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/06g58b	What shape does axid ar 75 film coated tablet come in
www.freebase.com/m/0pq0	www.freebase.com/chemistry/chemical_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/01x4v6	what is the lower classification of amine?
www.freebase.com/m/0crjfpk	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	kayleden brown plays what football position
www.freebase.com/m/0g5pzzb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is bambi jones's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8r6jf	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	Which label is between the sheets, volume 2 on?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2mp4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is discussed in the book distortions
www.freebase.com/m/0957vl	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02hyt6	what is larry shepard's job 
www.freebase.com/m/02qwfpc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gives michael vescera his nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0c03297	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What kind of show is eagleheart
www.freebase.com/m/0vng5fn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is shelley bolton from
www.freebase.com/m/02qx1ld	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/069wqt	who is dizengoff street named after
www.freebase.com/m/0bn1n4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y3zy	where was don healy born
www.freebase.com/m/03y716j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	in what category is 2912 lapalma
www.freebase.com/m/02g1jh	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0164qt	What is the name of a film that david arnold contributed music toward
www.freebase.com/m/04w89d3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034dj	What is the subject of the book writ of execution
www.freebase.com/m/026ncp_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	What is the birth place of minnie tittell brune?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxnk	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/078zw3	who are valentinian ii's parents
www.freebase.com/m/031btb	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_system/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/05c788v	what is a transit found on the oc transpo
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02x4b7g	which album did Neal Morse create
www.freebase.com/m/0clvllf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ncj8	What city is montessori education center of the rockies  in
www.freebase.com/m/017371	www.freebase.com/music/genre/subgenre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What is a subgenre of rockabilly?
www.freebase.com/m/02jfhn_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/014jst	Name a book based on schools.
www.freebase.com/m/01sfvm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	which country is siming district located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04mymn0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what types of movie is sikke'n familie
www.freebase.com/m/04f_gvx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is bowl of oatmeal
www.freebase.com/m/06285f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ian johnson's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03g6467	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	was pop up! smap a studio or a live album
www.freebase.com/m/06y9v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01n6fs	who was a person that was born in suffolk
www.freebase.com/m/0221qp	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whklx	What's a book dealing with christian theology
www.freebase.com/m/082sy9	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04grw8h	what is an event that happens in kharkiv
www.freebase.com/m/0dmjp5d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fl989n	what was life goes on released on
www.freebase.com/m/068kk	www.freebase.com/food/cheese/source_of_milk	www.freebase.com/m/07bgp	What animal provides the milk to make pecorino romano
www.freebase.com/m/0824r	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_place_of_origin/military_units	www.freebase.com/m/0267_j7	which military unit comes from wisconsin
www.freebase.com/m/0c00045	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What was the genre of the film mrs. fitzherbert
www.freebase.com/m/0fbk682	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fshw3g	What is a track from the release classic hits - 50 unbeatable tracks
www.freebase.com/m/0fw7t5k	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in what format was the very best of andy abraham released
www.freebase.com/m/014hr0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fbjzm4	what is the name of a track by london symphony orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/051bml3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	What field of work is focused on in expert systems in finance and accounting
www.freebase.com/m/0dv5611	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the master series
www.freebase.com/m/0b8lyy	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02cyfz	Who did the music for the film the land before time viii: the big freeze?
www.freebase.com/m/0lyknb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fh4s4y	whats the title of the release that came from the recording  heather
www.freebase.com/m/026ck	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is d. w. griffith's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01rp88	what is a college in united states?
www.freebase.com/m/03jgb60	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04rcr	who is the artist of the album 2009-07-03: globen, stockholm, sweden?
www.freebase.com/m/03m6zyz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What foreign language is love on the rocks titled as in Netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0bctkf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is charles trudeau's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0j9xz81	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is oscar soldati?
www.freebase.com/m/040495j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	what is the genre that the artist militia creates
www.freebase.com/m/04j1y3s	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was the trouble with perpetual d√©j√† vu filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/081sy7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/080s8g	who is the author of bloodlines
www.freebase.com/m/03cfd14	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country is north triangle pond located
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxy4	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/010hn	Who is an artist of planet hits radio . the mix?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv4zz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is it happened thus
www.freebase.com/m/0hz_l0m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is central library found in
www.freebase.com/m/020lfg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is weimarer land in?
www.freebase.com/m/068n1l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is charles pearson, lord pearson known as
www.freebase.com/m/033ftg7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01d4dtl	What is the name of a track  on the release  de pre historie 1974?
www.freebase.com/m/02vp4h_	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03c0s0b	which movie is produced by k. s. rama rao
www.freebase.com/m/0qpx3gx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/06brmk	who directed the movie planet ocean
www.freebase.com/m/02x4v8k	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does m√°rcio abreu play
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nx3f8	What's a rock music album by the j. geils band
www.freebase.com/m/027zvg0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	which musical instrument is played by quoc-bao
www.freebase.com/m/0k2ybts	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/0hhbr	What kind of a museum is metropolitan museum of art
www.freebase.com/m/0tnc	www.freebase.com/user/lindenb/default_domain/scientist/known_for	www.freebase.com/m/09pnz	archimedes is known for creating what?
www.freebase.com/m/03cs9n5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is lin houston's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04jcft	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_company/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0zfwbb4	What is a play that was produced by the public theater company?
www.freebase.com/m/0kvd5k	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0c31_	Who directed without anesthesia?
www.freebase.com/m/04yc0l4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_qc_	What caused the death of ronald davis?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv65r6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country is p. balachandran from
www.freebase.com/m/05q3t09	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is dave gerard from
www.freebase.com/m/05p5zdf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0545j2	where was a. abdullah born at?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4bkk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre describes outlaw school
www.freebase.com/m/02csf	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/079vx0	Name an artist who is known for drawing
www.freebase.com/m/0g1q_0t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	what type of release is miss otis regrets / just one of those things
www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0c0c_0	What is the name of a town in poland?
www.freebase.com/m/047cqr	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_creator/characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/06mwsv	What is the name of brian k. vaughan's comic book character?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j3f3w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01myrz	what composer made  never give up on the good times
www.freebase.com/m/07lqg0	www.freebase.com/people/profession/corresponding_type	www.freebase.com/m/04szf79	what is the corresponding type of the profession biologist?
www.freebase.com/m/06w894d	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03gt4y	where did battle of faesulae take place
www.freebase.com/m/027t80g	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What kind of book is necropolis?
www.freebase.com/m/043ksn7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country released eldorado
www.freebase.com/m/01298s	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0c6lkx	what are books written by rex stout
www.freebase.com/m/01qbgj7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06bpt_	what kind of music does alejandro silva play
www.freebase.com/m/0nhqf	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the second level division of douglas county?
www.freebase.com/m/04l1sb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What netflix genre does blackmail fall into
www.freebase.com/m/0g7hj9g	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was bravo hits 64 released
www.freebase.com/m/04q894n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is lawrence bridges?
www.freebase.com/m/0hg3816	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	Where in asia did mitsuki nakamura die
www.freebase.com/m/033tq81	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/094mj0	who is the producer of illegal stills
www.freebase.com/m/068yhy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is james mitchell (manager)'s gender?
www.freebase.com/m/027bkqk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was the cause of death of pierre delano√´
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gbmx0	what is the name of a commune in the country  italy
www.freebase.com/m/027_g	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jrz	Who was douglas engelbart influenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/01128z	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is long lake in
www.freebase.com/m/03548	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07b0qq	What province is gabon in
www.freebase.com/m/01fj8s	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	which instrument is played by helmet
www.freebase.com/m/0n2jv	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/04563	Who was hancock county named after
www.freebase.com/m/026szd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0jt86	who was the author of the startide rising novel
www.freebase.com/m/063tn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01pnx_2	what album did the artist pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky make?
www.freebase.com/m/08qzlh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	what city was buzz kilman given birth in
www.freebase.com/m/03t6bc	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0lznsd	which song was engineered by eddie kramer?
www.freebase.com/m/01ll5t4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What type of album never plays covers?
www.freebase.com/m/02x5zp	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what type of lake is lake meredith
www.freebase.com/m/0t4_lrq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is rita kenaston female or male
www.freebase.com/m/03qgt23	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	which city was high places from
www.freebase.com/m/01wtn_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where was louis philippe, comte de s√©gur born
www.freebase.com/m/07zt8g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what types of movie is the shock
www.freebase.com/m/04b1czn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is boston based in
www.freebase.com/m/01jtypl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is the secret garden
www.freebase.com/m/0j6v06b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03khn	where on earth did paavo j√§nnes pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0ds6_hn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What type of film is the alaskan
www.freebase.com/m/0drb39	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01807	who wrote goodbye bafana
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02qzj4z	What is the name of an alternative rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/02ww66l	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/079vf	Who created the fictional character crusher?
www.freebase.com/m/026kjss	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did constance adams demille die
www.freebase.com/m/0tll_lv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is mackinlee waddell female or male
www.freebase.com/m/0sgbbzc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yd75	where in the united states is curtis credelborn in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj42hd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nmbnm	who is the artist on the album bootin': the best of the rpm years?
www.freebase.com/m/04b7jgr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is smith crossing located in 
www.freebase.com/m/03cm2ng	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gp5sj	where was katsuhito asano born
www.freebase.com/m/0w5vmd6	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0dklrg	who was isabel maxwell's dad
www.freebase.com/m/0ftc5jx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is entren los que quieran
www.freebase.com/m/0rtydgw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g7zq1h	What is the album were the song belfast can be found?
www.freebase.com/m/02rhkbk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0jpy_	john linscom boss, jr. died where?
www.freebase.com/m/02w9vtl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	What sort of metal does petr ho≈°ek play
www.freebase.com/m/07_wp3f	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	where was cantonese published?
www.freebase.com/m/01p2b_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p0j2x	Who is an artist on the nuclear blast record label
www.freebase.com/m/07nx8	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0lhry	What military government got its name from tokugawa ieyasu
www.freebase.com/m/04l_7q	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does bianca jagger practice
www.freebase.com/m/024031z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0bb7jzr	what song is from the recording bermuda?
www.freebase.com/m/030vmc	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/05f3vtx	who is john landis's song's name 
www.freebase.com/m/0ftqr	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0mblrb	what tracks have nobuo uematsu produced?
www.freebase.com/m/05xf8zw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is james sanders known for being
www.freebase.com/m/0crbzkp	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03cg8	What is the name of a place that was founded by bon secours hospital, dublin
www.freebase.com/m/066kp	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02_bxc_	What's a game on playstation 2
www.freebase.com/m/04srsl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	What genre of game is maximo vs. army of zin?
www.freebase.com/m/0cd78	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/059bjl7	What book is about economic history?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwcgj	www.freebase.com/internet/website/category	www.freebase.com/m/02jfw	What type of website is arkive?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddf2x2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lpfh	Where was √Ålvaro raposo de oliveira born?
www.freebase.com/m/02q_xc9	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02flz	What is the film de sade (film) about
www.freebase.com/m/09kntr	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f5074	Who is an artist signed by sho'nuff records
www.freebase.com/m/016z3d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what type of country is b. j. thomas from 
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zk1kzb	what is an example of a song
www.freebase.com/m/02wynck	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03d204v	Who is the developer of the videogame star trek: conquest?
www.freebase.com/m/02ccl6	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01b8tj	What female producer is responsible for the decline of western civilization?
www.freebase.com/m/01n3jcc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x61vcg	what is a track by the red krayola
www.freebase.com/m/086mp8	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/07zsmk	what film did dennis dugan direct
www.freebase.com/m/01mkphh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was blacklisted released 
www.freebase.com/m/09h092	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nm789	Who is an artist that was signed to black mark productions
www.freebase.com/m/03546v7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l7py5h	what track is listed on the album notes from the lost civilization
www.freebase.com/m/0jx3cgn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/0t_2	what is the original language for the written work information services for corporate growth?
www.freebase.com/m/0s3r22	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/018lcj	what artist recorded mind in rewind?
www.freebase.com/m/0nfvnr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hppxqr	which artist recorded coast to coast
www.freebase.com/m/07h7nd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02x8kk	who created ghaur
www.freebase.com/m/01hl9_b	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lg2t	which artist released fathers of reggae?
www.freebase.com/m/0zl7gf8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form is the wise men composed in?
www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05v78pb	what novel was published in 2007?
www.freebase.com/m/06l76d	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/026sw4w	who is the founder of the hess corporation?
www.freebase.com/m/04q6zb	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_facility/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0kqbh	What team plays in philips stadion?
www.freebase.com/m/026634y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of school is seymour high school (connecticut)
www.freebase.com/m/0b_ns3n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05h28n	what topic is the river of winged dreams about?
www.freebase.com/m/04vkxm_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0lj5	what book is from the edition and then there were none?
www.freebase.com/m/047dstt	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position did everson arantes de oliveira play?
www.freebase.com/m/010dbt9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0f_v5	Who's the artist that sang the song "always?"
www.freebase.com/m/088znw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	Which country was louis jurine from
www.freebase.com/m/0fvc4jf	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0x8ptll	What's a release from latin
www.freebase.com/m/0cp56y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fq48	Where did bartholomew ulufaalu die?
www.freebase.com/m/04vj3j4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06_81p	What company published the right stuff
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22ks	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/05sxr_	What is a film that could be found within the netflix genre family animation?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg690	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	what kind of school is international university, cambodia 
www.freebase.com/m/0w60vn0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bv9	what language is used in the film love trap
www.freebase.com/m/0m5sv37	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/014kkwl	what is the title track on for whom the bell tolls
www.freebase.com/m/02vmvp4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	What music genre is unstoppable?
www.freebase.com/m/02vxhk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqzxp9	What's a track written by har mar superstar
www.freebase.com/m/05t4q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0ckgkf	Name a character who plays a physician
www.freebase.com/m/0ty1kx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mzb9w6	what song is from jeux
www.freebase.com/m/067t4w	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/08sp18	What's a radio station that focuses on sports radio
www.freebase.com/m/026k9vx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	What city was george h. lindsay born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ks6px	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	what is marc fitzpatrick's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0827d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hww_1	What is the name of an album that is considered world music
www.freebase.com/m/0f9wj1b	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07drk5	Which artist wrote on your sleeve
www.freebase.com/m/06tzcy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is luisa valenzuela?
www.freebase.com/m/012pd4	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gfxjr	to what film did scott bradley contribute music
www.freebase.com/m/0yb4pm3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is reunion
www.freebase.com/m/02h4sy	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/0dhz0	What type of aircraft is douglas dc-6?
www.freebase.com/m/0dd8t3n	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What kind of album is a wonderful journey
www.freebase.com/m/0bff0kb	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what film format was used in the filming of hare-hunting
www.freebase.com/m/0n5v20x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0106_6	where was kasey lansdale given birth
www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03hzdr2	What is the name of a reggae artist
www.freebase.com/m/04m_tbn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is chris jones 
www.freebase.com/m/0bmh770	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	what genre is the generous mr. lovewell?
www.freebase.com/m/0yg_wr7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is paul edwin roth's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/0f4_l	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/01gq_26	whats the title of the soundtrack from the film pulp fiction
www.freebase.com/m/03zhdv9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was gorillaz originally released?
www.freebase.com/m/084vn3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	Who is chuck nevitt
www.freebase.com/m/09v5yz3	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which football position does jos√© jo√£o pereira play
www.freebase.com/m/05mvppc	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06krv	who influenced ricardo rodriguez jr.
www.freebase.com/m/0g6ygr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what game player mode is doraemon: nobita to mittsu no seireiseki played in?
www.freebase.com/m/01rv61p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/012yf4z	what is a track by the antiquus?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5b25	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system is 1702 kalahari a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/02sbxq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/02d1fvz	what image is about the subject of plagues of egypt
www.freebase.com/m/0ffjs65	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dpjp2n	what track is from the release  saw iii
www.freebase.com/m/0w483vj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is doug phillips's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0rjkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	what state is royal palm ranches in
www.freebase.com/m/0kt4rn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	what is ernests gulbis famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/06q5dl	who is a person of african american ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/04mkb6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is kenny johnston?
www.freebase.com/m/039pttx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Music for adverts (and short films) was released in what sovereign state?
www.freebase.com/m/047mjwl	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does michael sternkopf like to play
www.freebase.com/m/0cws7	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature_category/subcategory_of	www.freebase.com/m/0cnbg3k	what is the subcategory of polder
www.freebase.com/m/02hmzz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0g7x3k	who wrote the story for the book of lost tales?
www.freebase.com/m/0493p6g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	which state is bryan in 
www.freebase.com/m/0yw1j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n2pb	Where is union city located
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t4hpy	what is a fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rkqpw	what politician was birthed in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0djv48	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	What netflix genre is panther a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j8x	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/09jgtj	what character did matt lucas create
www.freebase.com/m/05bzky6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What sort of book is the war between the tates
www.freebase.com/m/0fx6nd8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ml4_q6	what is a song on the david album
www.freebase.com/m/08gdyk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	which medium is emilio vedova famous for 
www.freebase.com/m/014d7f	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrn84	Name a drug that includes fluoride as an active ingredient
www.freebase.com/m/03ydv2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/supporting_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dzr53k	who is a supporting artist of tarja turunen 
www.freebase.com/m/01m3b7	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gyrkvm	which professional footballer was born in  hemel hempstead
www.freebase.com/m/0c78tn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	Which genre is ebola syndrome located in on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0y8c6qv	what is an album released in 1986
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0gm25g3	what is the title of a netflix documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/0270qhl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02y5kn	what is frank spaziani's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0crv8kf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	what type of movie is rhapsody of spring
www.freebase.com/m/0363ftk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was no ruinous feud released
www.freebase.com/m/06vn94	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	What kind of video game is magician
www.freebase.com/m/06jhm9	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/06k437	which are the founders of the space frontier foundation?
www.freebase.com/m/03b5cgx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was american idol season 5: encores released in
www.freebase.com/m/03805m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	if william bates is a man, what's his sex
www.freebase.com/m/08m3xc	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/048g08	what are of activism is  mark anthony bracegirdle apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0kck2c9	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/043tg	what French psychoanalyst influenced solange adelola falad√©
www.freebase.com/m/0nqqjv8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nmw_bx	which album is hard times featured on?
www.freebase.com/m/0hnbqnb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is in absentia filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0l7b_cv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/017fx8f	which record is part of timothy
www.freebase.com/m/063zh9p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	Where is kennedy bridge located?
www.freebase.com/m/04fgx5t	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/013y54	what is xin sheng mao ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/064mng4	www.freebase.com/book/magazine/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rm6pq	what genre is the magazine gaffa
www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpys4	What is oregon notable for being?
www.freebase.com/m/02q8jl	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/081k8	who is shakespeare tower named after
www.freebase.com/m/04b6dxs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n3zx	what country and state is  gold rock located
www.freebase.com/m/0flfh3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What netflix genre is blackenstein?
www.freebase.com/m/0fz3wmk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	Is anorexia a short film or a documentary
www.freebase.com/m/04txwr4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what kind of binding does dean acheson have 
www.freebase.com/m/0h_bpy8	www.freebase.com/type/type/properties	www.freebase.com/m/0j1zd0h	what is a property of the swiss constituency
www.freebase.com/m/027d2rs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	what is benito stefanelli's place of birth in europe?
www.freebase.com/m/03hjjy0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	Who composed gates of eden?
www.freebase.com/m/03937l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	What is peter taylor known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0cm8rjj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tz4t	Where was alexandra mcdougall born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03c6x_9	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/02l6d7	what kind of architectural style is frank b. kellogg house built in
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g41jg5	Name a horror film
www.freebase.com/m/0n9f8mq	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/02x5hv6	what film did chris edwards design the film production for
www.freebase.com/m/0499dnf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	where is the location of sugarloaf vista?
www.freebase.com/m/01d188	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02fgmn	what was the subject of the moonstone
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dr99ws	what is an album by Lou Barlow?
www.freebase.com/m/0by2mv	www.freebase.com/food/dish/type_of_dish1	www.freebase.com/m/0kdzn	What type of dish is glamorgan sausage?
www.freebase.com/m/01kffpy	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hzklk	who released boil (album)
www.freebase.com/m/02786wr	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w5g02	what is a piece written by the auther amiri baraka
www.freebase.com/m/0h67txf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	which kind of music does the sons play?
www.freebase.com/m/0x17vvb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the sex of carole allamand
www.freebase.com/m/07m2hc	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0747ngg	what does nafcillin treat
www.freebase.com/m/04_03l9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is krystyna janda
www.freebase.com/m/0cq3fk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/08b3m	the house of dies drear deals with themes from what time period?
www.freebase.com/m/04jc9tx	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/05vfqr5	which japanese author wrote the story for the film the berlin affair?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_stt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013ld2	Where was dave b. mitchell born?
www.freebase.com/m/034qg	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0f78yp	What is a company in the firearm industry
www.freebase.com/m/0hhxxrd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0294zw	where was reema debnath born
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/02x7p11	What is a rock music radio station?
www.freebase.com/m/046n5k	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02vrgr4	who is the child of newton n. minow?
www.freebase.com/m/01kwlk8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was the album the rebirth of kirk franklin released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0tl4n_t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is mimi cochran's profession
www.freebase.com/m/034k5l1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p9m7m	What is a track off of the release newer wave?
www.freebase.com/m/01j8g_p	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	is power and freedom a studio or live album
www.freebase.com/m/0bhhrm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	is vampires science fiction or drama
www.freebase.com/m/09rwqk0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is la nave del olvido
www.freebase.com/m/04hmvx	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03q054	what actor did adapt the super troopers film
www.freebase.com/m/0ffn01	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the henry rollins show from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw8tv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qjc	What is deeper into movies written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjrl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsw6s	what is the active ingredient in common carp?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf_d_3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0gfv29g	What season of globe trekker did the episode venezuela air?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlvhn	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/025sz4q	what game did the king of fighters 2000 come from 
www.freebase.com/m/0by1wkq	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05zbm4	who was the executive producer on the movie looper
www.freebase.com/m/03j8dmz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is the region that planetary funk, volume 1 is released in?
www.freebase.com/m/089sdq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5s1_	what is the netflix genre of the title bruiser (film)
www.freebase.com/m/04w76z_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of book is murder on the flying scotsman?
www.freebase.com/m/01k4b2v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What kind of music does psychotica make
www.freebase.com/m/03chrtt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	Which state in America is contained by eel township
www.freebase.com/m/043jfp	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/bipropellant_rocket_engine/oxidizer	www.freebase.com/m/01tm_5	What oxidizer is used for the pratt & whitney rocketdyne rs-68?
www.freebase.com/m/0vxgc8t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhsz	Where was enrico salvatori born?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7z1w_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released junkbox
www.freebase.com/m/02qntz6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0488wh	What is the genre of the book divisadero
www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/064hx0	What is an artist signed to emi?
www.freebase.com/m/0hynj99	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01q0l	where was jacques r√©my born
www.freebase.com/m/0dv9qs	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What kind of genre is a live one?
www.freebase.com/m/049660p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p43x	which parish is oakland in
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0273qqt	what program is considered a drama?
www.freebase.com/m/01rt5h	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/06kmz	What is a treatment for testicular cancer
www.freebase.com/m/02r_36d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02vy11	Who composed private eyes (song)?
www.freebase.com/m/08g841	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03yy0y	who was born in marianao
www.freebase.com/m/0ccr0w	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/049wm	what something to see near the kirishima-yaku national park
www.freebase.com/m/0lhwp1d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0gfwz_0	what reality show had 8 episodes about football
www.freebase.com/m/028956n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ashkan sahihi's gender
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gy1mt_	what silent film was released in 1927?
www.freebase.com/m/027pjwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02qdyj	who was the publisher of silent hunter 4: wolves of the pacific
www.freebase.com/m/04zbg1	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/076qlp	who was the producer for  butterflies are free
www.freebase.com/m/080ptz2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	what country is mario reiter from
www.freebase.com/m/0dxypqj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0123r4	which artist recorded the 1980s hit song feed the world?
www.freebase.com/m/012slh	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0gj5j9x	iso 9000 is what type of management structure 
www.freebase.com/m/0yc6wy6	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	Where was red released
www.freebase.com/m/03bylq1	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	which basin countries does the redea river flow through
www.freebase.com/m/0ks36t0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031dzwp	What release was democracy from
www.freebase.com/m/03bxzkh	www.freebase.com/chemistry/chemical_series/elements	www.freebase.com/m/027vj2v	which elements were discussed in other metal?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffxg5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0n6dc	what city in Westchester County is brian sweeney from
www.freebase.com/m/01pqz2y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0377j5	what kind of music does la casa azul make?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnbr_6	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is country love a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/05xm4v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dyxwlk	What is a song made by cocorosie?
www.freebase.com/m/033gh0t	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_mfdm	whats the name of a track from the release pop:up
www.freebase.com/m/026hk2p	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02s431	what Soviet lieutenant general participated in the soviet invasion of poland
www.freebase.com/m/0nr1dd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03j1p2n	who produced the recording of frozen (widescreen mix)
www.freebase.com/m/08tcrc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/026c43z	what type of species is the fictional character blaquesmith
www.freebase.com/m/03wd5k2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is jay costa male or female
www.freebase.com/m/015_1c	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was desk set filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03cwbzh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which soccer position is played by thanasis papazoglou
www.freebase.com/m/04t0pdb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	what type of book is the point of view
www.freebase.com/m/01w0jdn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what kind of music does guy picciotto make?
www.freebase.com/m/0jyd9q4	www.freebase.com/business/consumer_product/themes	www.freebase.com/m/0q4mn	Which theme does the keith haring registry use
www.freebase.com/m/01m1y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crryw4	Name a film in the netflix genre celtic music.
www.freebase.com/m/09k_b	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/more_general_ingredient	www.freebase.com/m/02xwb	what kind of item is lemon?
www.freebase.com/m/04t1qqf	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/05p_gtf	what is an edition of the book star trek 1
www.freebase.com/m/0y510jx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is fugitive air written 
www.freebase.com/m/0_j4k21	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02pt27	who created the lyrics for carry on up the vicarage
www.freebase.com/m/0wwwd	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nf2c	where is knob noster 
www.freebase.com/m/09h6tr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwlj	The album imaginary diseases is what genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j_x6y	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01pdp4	who composed rush
www.freebase.com/m/023rqd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is neil sloane's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/07lg5v	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is terry cummings's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/01mff8l	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0fbn0cy	What tracks has willie dixon produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0frrrjk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was the best of spirit released?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1cdqx	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/017tl9	Who designed the costumes for the film mon premier amour
www.freebase.com/m/064lxnj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is main street
www.freebase.com/m/04z_yht	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country filmed iced lolly
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04crs0j	Name a person born in England.
www.freebase.com/m/02rjsxb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	which mode is atlantis evolution played in
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hjs26	state an electronica  album
www.freebase.com/m/04wdzmk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what's one broad subject that death, art, and memory in medieval england talks about
www.freebase.com/m/0cs014w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0688f	What genre on netflix is the title rabb ne banaiyan jodiean located in?
www.freebase.com/m/06q3fy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released battle of neretva
www.freebase.com/m/02rj7s0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	What was the cause of death of dave smalley
www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ms6vh	what an example of a alternative country album
www.freebase.com/m/0crtmj2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country does the film music inn come from?
www.freebase.com/m/0281h42	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	what country is the banjar regency a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/05mnlv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is shalva maglakelidze's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh5cz	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is namenda xr 21 extended release capsule available in
www.freebase.com/m/04n2p7h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/049lr	Where is new horizon college of engineering located
www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/02814dn	which games has midway games published
www.freebase.com/m/0c50rn	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0c5035	who is father of nigel calder
www.freebase.com/m/0cgwdcy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0f3mx	Who authored the book song of the flame?
www.freebase.com/m/0cpyv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0rztl_m	Who was born in weimar?
www.freebase.com/m/03x0b8	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/025nm6	What is a symptom of noonan syndrome 
www.freebase.com/m/0jwxk8m	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what language is fight of the tertia in
www.freebase.com/m/079gqf	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	In what city is el mercurio available?
www.freebase.com/m/03mh7py	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	What is ricky mabe's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03krj	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0dx49k	what is the name of handball team
www.freebase.com/m/0dp6ly	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of computer videogame is zone 66?
www.freebase.com/m/01m1691	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is pet?
www.freebase.com/m/06yv1f6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0ghmp0l	What is an episode featured in the series e! true hollywood story - season 13
www.freebase.com/m/01sjky	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	how does pierre charron identify 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqnt	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	What kind of drug is apricot 50 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/01ttj3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01n7	what is ermita
www.freebase.com/m/047rgpl	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does sergey kramarenko play in football
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0364g1	what is an asteroid in the solar system named after the Roman goddess of war
www.freebase.com/m/03gq3vn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025672b	what is wells fargo arena?
www.freebase.com/m/04jn8v2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01psqx	Where was Branko Isakoviƒá born?
www.freebase.com/m/03h5ybp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01nqm4	in which county of Romania is the cƒÉianu river located
www.freebase.com/m/050ks	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049z3jr	What's a mobile home park in maine?
www.freebase.com/m/026qp6y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does brian west play
www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w8j79	name a romantic novel? 
www.freebase.com/m/0_61xcb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/04hd4l	who composed the rakes progress?
www.freebase.com/m/03_hzr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05t4q	What profession was Bernard Kouchner in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fcxrvy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vnw2k	which artist recorded chevrolet?
www.freebase.com/m/04p4pp	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/034xcf	whats the treatment of neurapraxia
www.freebase.com/m/03dh_90	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is greg white from
www.freebase.com/m/033krvy	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was broken van released
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02r3wvz	What is the name of someone who is african american
www.freebase.com/m/01qy3vs	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	What genre is prepare for war
www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026wlxw	what is the title of a movie whose genre is  romantic comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0fpy0qb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is bernd rumpf a male of a female 
www.freebase.com/m/0ycf5c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lfz0q0	which tracks are listed in the album sacramento?
www.freebase.com/m/027j_5d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of john malcolm duh√©, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/0fv55sw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In which country was Sunny Down Snuff released?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j2xj2	What is a 1997 album by Ella Fitzgerald?
www.freebase.com/m/0bqlg3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0fxrk	where is go-bang's from
www.freebase.com/m/02rfl01	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	what was the unit size of 82nd illinois volunteer infantry regiment
www.freebase.com/m/036p2l	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0h3dng	Name a work by robert b. parker
www.freebase.com/m/0f1dy11	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m4b_z7	whats the title track of the recording barbados
www.freebase.com/m/0hp7qx0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of program is seven little australians?
www.freebase.com/m/01874t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/076t2f	Name a norwegian football defender born in kristiansand
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/052nnlv	Name a war film.
www.freebase.com/m/089_x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w92g8	what book on the subject of the 20th century
www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/047f5k4	what is an alternative metal album
www.freebase.com/m/02qsy2q	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	is las mantenidas sin sue√±os a soundtrack or a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/076xpk6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0hlyy	What language is spoken in the movie Lamhaa?
www.freebase.com/m/07s_rc	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/05095	what art period was jacopo ligozzi active in?
www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w6wk6	what is a philosophy book?
www.freebase.com/m/01lf2kd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the archies greatest hits?
www.freebase.com/m/05mrj1p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What kind of tv program is 26 men?
www.freebase.com/m/03g13_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of sidney edwards morse?
www.freebase.com/m/06brp0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/02pjh3f	What's a show that mitchell hurwitz created
www.freebase.com/m/0pcdyp5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is marjorie johnson from
www.freebase.com/m/02jjt	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/043khd_	which company provides entertainment in michigan?
www.freebase.com/m/0275nqh	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/02vxyl5	Who did the production design for she-devil
www.freebase.com/m/03gs_x1	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	what position does dave huppert play
www.freebase.com/m/0gxb2	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/02psvcf	what condition has nausea as a symptom
www.freebase.com/m/0wq_q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is flora in
www.freebase.com/m/0fvbhc2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mxl097	what is the release track of warrior
www.freebase.com/m/05ft9h	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was revolution released 
www.freebase.com/m/01dh1zl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q9cz	Which artist recorded summer?
www.freebase.com/m/02p_q80	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	what kind of music is kavinsky famous for
www.freebase.com/m/064pjm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/0c4jk07	what image is saiwa swamp national park the topic of
www.freebase.com/m/0x30_w7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what country is in the movie los perros de dios 
www.freebase.com/m/03gb72	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	Where did alfred uhl die
www.freebase.com/m/0kynfzb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	What type of a game is shark! hunting the great white
www.freebase.com/m/02rhh0y	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/012pd4	who made the music for muscle beach tom
www.freebase.com/m/065ky	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_range/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/0fqj9b	What mountain is a part of pyrenees
www.freebase.com/m/04qp06	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03yj5h9	what is a film executive produced by rakesh roshan
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6dft	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	which country made the holiday 
www.freebase.com/m/03qjd99	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what book style does a warlock in whitby associate with
www.freebase.com/m/07ml1m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	which russian city was nestor kukolnik born in
www.freebase.com/m/03nk0g	www.freebase.com/base/parody/parodied_subject/parodies	www.freebase.com/m/01j7mr	what are some examples of a parody news program?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0484qnz	what is a city located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/026s6kp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what is pepe marchena's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/048qcyj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p0fc	What county is village green in
www.freebase.com/m/04drtb_	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0bmm4	what is a travel destination near slovene ethnographic museum?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03292j	who is a singer and a model (person)
www.freebase.com/m/02q9wld	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0191_7	What type of store is cvs caremark
www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0bs6lfn	what's a high school in taylor, michigan
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05myp6p	what's a british  mystery film
www.freebase.com/m/0flyfj2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fkyzn1	What the name of a track on the stairway to heaven album?
www.freebase.com/m/01kv842	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03h_yfh	which musician created ultimate legends
www.freebase.com/m/0wd1p0_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017f4y	who is the recording artist of colorado?
www.freebase.com/m/026p2v1	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fmywq	what is a movie by the cinematographer s. gopal reddy
www.freebase.com/m/03cv_vm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m8b	what is the genre of the netflix film powder blue (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0fdkg4q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sblt3	what is a song listed on the retrospective: the best of buffalo springfield album
www.freebase.com/m/0clqvxp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What kind of movie is the death of an insect
www.freebase.com/m/08sx40	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/04d0bnl	what is ben hall
www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01sd8g1	Who is an artist that was signed by epic records
www.freebase.com/m/023hvjs	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02jq1	what artist performed heart and soul?
www.freebase.com/m/01j5l5x	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/053yx	Who sang nows the time?
www.freebase.com/m/046dxx	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/07wvrk8	What movie has jacques demy directed
www.freebase.com/m/03y1f0v	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	around what main star does 5942 denzilrobert move
www.freebase.com/m/015tsz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	What city did walther rathenau die in?
www.freebase.com/m/08kf6r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d6yv	What city is the brighton pier within
www.freebase.com/m/04w3svb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what genre is the book the seven storey mountain 
www.freebase.com/m/0fspyy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what did mohammad akram nadwi do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/025rs93	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	ponderosa is under what genre
www.freebase.com/m/0dyllr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	where in brazil was andr√© bahia born?
www.freebase.com/m/0_xswch	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02k8k	What country is beyond the walls from?
www.freebase.com/m/03cydz	www.freebase.com/internet/blog/blogger	www.freebase.com/m/03vnb8	Who is a blogger that writes for the daily kos
www.freebase.com/m/026y54h	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/021mp2	what automotive class is the alfa romeo giulietta
www.freebase.com/m/03f2_t4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0539b3m	what is and then there were none's album
www.freebase.com/m/0rt38p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wglss	who is the artist of the recording baby boy?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jck6q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0bxr6f	what lyricist composed deep love
www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b39v8	What is the name of a place in mississippi?
www.freebase.com/m/0571xc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq2339	what netflix genre is blue chips?
www.freebase.com/m/012hw	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/050mm	who has died of assassination
www.freebase.com/m/0f4tl	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does pope liberius practice
www.freebase.com/m/0ccfq5	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01j_x	what armed force is the 78th fraser highlanders a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0dtxnjl	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_6j0_b	what song is by haruichi shindo?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h387h	What's the title of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/06c0j	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0g8n81t	what is a film about ronald reagan?
www.freebase.com/m/063_52k	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	what kinds of school is coconino high school
www.freebase.com/m/03f6vqg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is against nature
www.freebase.com/m/0qm6vtc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What is a language of the film little world?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03h16xx	what is the name of a short film
www.freebase.com/m/04zw4x_	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	who practices catholicism
www.freebase.com/m/0dlmd41	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/04hzj	What is the nationality of alex karmo
www.freebase.com/m/0bff119	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02jq1	what is the famous musician from a golden celebration
www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/020csw	what is allowed to be eaten on a gluten-free diet
www.freebase.com/m/04f5j71	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country did the show i'm a big girl now originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0cp1pq	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is the primary color for the educational institution  university of the assumption
www.freebase.com/m/050xr7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037n97	What kind of music does busi mhlongo play?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0596	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is thomas jefferson spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/02f1fz	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxpqv	What is west highland white terrier a type of 
www.freebase.com/m/0fjbk8_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02cw1m	What band recorded star
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ybwt76	Name a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/07b2x3	Name a game that has single-player mode
www.freebase.com/m/0c8bxs2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0727_	where was erich sundermann born
www.freebase.com/m/02q68_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	Where in Austria was franz wallack born?
www.freebase.com/m/0c38gj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	where was blood diamond filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0jbctxx	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01_9c1	What position does jean fanor play on defense
www.freebase.com/m/0_k1lfx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the new river, s. 308
www.freebase.com/m/03q2knx	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/supported_storage_types	www.freebase.com/m/01tthm	where are images saved to on the casio exilim ex-z500
www.freebase.com/m/0h2kh2c	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country did the film originate? 
www.freebase.com/m/0f59wzx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0svkn2	what is a track from searchin' for a rainbow?
www.freebase.com/m/0djbf27	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What genre on netflix is the euroshock collection: the awful dr. orlof
www.freebase.com/m/02rgjfd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is ziggurats?
www.freebase.com/m/0glz86y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/015qh	what country did the film romani kris - gypsy lore come out of
www.freebase.com/m/0ff2k	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vgrbw	Name a book written by Roald Dahl?
www.freebase.com/m/012f86	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/09k7pvc	who are ukrainians
www.freebase.com/m/04j_gs	www.freebase.com/base/webvideo/internet_video_writer/internet_videos_written	www.freebase.com/m/0kxxyml	What is an internet video written by rob corddry?
www.freebase.com/m/038fxf6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qr98n	which track is in the release of seven more minutes
www.freebase.com/m/01l4_96	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vf8gk	which band recorded trust
www.freebase.com/m/0h1rz8	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what kind of school is delsea regional high school
www.freebase.com/m/01585b	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bwhdbl	what is the title of a  slasher movie
www.freebase.com/m/0phx4	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0d2py0	damon albarn wrote the lyrics for what song?
www.freebase.com/m/0663glj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the film strange holiday from
www.freebase.com/m/0d0ryd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/049xqrq	what is the profession of jamie deen
www.freebase.com/m/01stzz2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09btk	where is humcrush originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/02p_l82	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0tyq	what architectural style does paul t. frankl construct
www.freebase.com/m/0z6ll3v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is remembering nokutela in?
www.freebase.com/m/02vsw1	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0g3qy5	who european american psychologist 
www.freebase.com/m/0274zcb	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/047951	what type of school is ochanomizu university
www.freebase.com/m/02_40xt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	What gaming platform is madden nfl 08 available on
www.freebase.com/m/05m7qz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is milton green male or female
www.freebase.com/m/078l8w	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/023k2	whats the legal structure of dyn
www.freebase.com/m/01k17qc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k_mc	the night i fell in love is an album by what acclaimed artist
www.freebase.com/m/02hlvrq	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03877	what hand held console was the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring released on
www.freebase.com/m/0rz9x	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nysh	what county is mcrae in
www.freebase.com/m/02z7w0b	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	What conflict did raymond zussman participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/046yhk	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/07djp7	What kind of school is the crypt school
www.freebase.com/m/0d5z5v	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/05b0kk1	who is a person buried in elmwood cemetery
www.freebase.com/m/03ckpv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	what caused dora carrington's death
www.freebase.com/m/010b7rc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kx047	which artist recorded the track jungle fever?
www.freebase.com/m/03hjxr8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what kind of music is played in the movie tumbling tumbleweeds
www.freebase.com/m/038l0m2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lnbvcb	what is a song on birds of a feather: the best of...
www.freebase.com/m/06410hm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What language is esmeralda in
www.freebase.com/m/025xt09	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/075ct	which entity fought in the battle of hokuetsu
www.freebase.com/m/02lhtf	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	what is steve harvey's profession
www.freebase.com/m/02x_m1	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/088jgq	which movie was written by david koepp
www.freebase.com/m/0gjty	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzwf	Where did m. a. r. barker pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt1fv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/05zwj8	which drug uses a-methapred while making it
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0z2nhwz	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/07kfy84	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	what kinds of story is idiot stick
www.freebase.com/m/0l14qv	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01mq9c6	Who plays synthesizer?
www.freebase.com/m/04mb6t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h9qh	what types of movie is godzilla against mechagodzilla
www.freebase.com/m/06zrtl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f94t	where in new york city was billybangartist's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3z087	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music can be found on the album blood like lemonade
www.freebase.com/m/0hj1hgw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dcp_	what was christine nelson's cause of death
www.freebase.com/m/027049n	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which genre does twentynine palms fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/013wknv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0m6_j	who recorded the adagio from symphony no.10 - b andante come prima?
www.freebase.com/m/04n31mz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is james lee stanley's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/09pgk74	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03d1y3	who wrote any number can play
www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wg_sm	what are some sport books?
www.freebase.com/m/09v84z	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	what type of genre is i dood it?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyrq0p	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/universe	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	what fictional universe is coffee a go-go set in 
www.freebase.com/m/0c2g3d	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/026c43z	what species is the character trance
www.freebase.com/m/02vmd4w	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does ray moore play
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/047t42_	What is the name of a defender from the Malawi club?
www.freebase.com/m/0n88fty	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033tk6g	What release featured the track click
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gdk7yv	What is the name of a well known male screenwriter?
www.freebase.com/m/06_lxcj	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	what architectural style is shoop building
www.freebase.com/m/0f188zs	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	which regions was the best of simon & garfunkel released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtyyz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of mysoline
www.freebase.com/m/06nf99	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution_campus/educational_institution	www.freebase.com/m/06nf99	what educational institution does the virginia highlands community college campus belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0hqstmb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of chloroxylenol 0.033 solution
www.freebase.com/m/04jtsfd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013kcv	Where was jerry polen's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/03d36rf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is john rand?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhxmwb	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what country was robert burns published
www.freebase.com/m/029v2p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	which occupation is rahmon nabiyev most famous for
www.freebase.com/m/05gtjp	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	what kind of geological formation is mount belinda
www.freebase.com/m/02773m2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzmg	what was john riggi known for doing?
www.freebase.com/m/0pvl7b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fw8wm2	what is the release track on no name
www.freebase.com/m/0938sk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	What is the genre of the book the berlin stories?
www.freebase.com/m/0hht9j6	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was involved in the russian conquest of bukhara
www.freebase.com/m/0480k17	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	where is the location of bobo?
www.freebase.com/m/03ymwgf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	who is the director of the canada on strike episode
www.freebase.com/m/01czml	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/025zkv	who was the architect of coventry cathedral
www.freebase.com/m/0hn4_2h	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0dzlk	which actress was the daughter of irene born
www.freebase.com/m/0770s0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	Who wrote the episode red hot catholic love?
www.freebase.com/m/01n20bj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04_csx	which label does tinariwen release music under
www.freebase.com/m/0dgn2jl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	What label was brandon bolmer signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0282w49	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/02m3sd	who created the tv program bams unholy union
www.freebase.com/m/0q5lt74	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0vyvdmp	what song came from the recording mercy?
www.freebase.com/m/02rvr4	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone is trzebnica in 
www.freebase.com/m/01l9z_s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	Is remixes from moffou a studio album or a remix album
www.freebase.com/m/0333qbq	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mc174	what album is the song mass romantic on
www.freebase.com/m/0f32p	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01lbpj	who named centre georges pompidou
www.freebase.com/m/01lp38h	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of falling in love with: duke ellington
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_jurisdiction/agencies	www.freebase.com/m/0fh58	whats the name of an agency in the  united states
www.freebase.com/m/05s1_z	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0c1t3	who was evans named after
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsqgw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is whoo gongjinhyang mi make up pact 1?
www.freebase.com/m/052t8t1	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0228q	What platform is used for the game switchblade?
www.freebase.com/m/07ddhy	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04f2shj	who directed the movie volga-volga
www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09840p	What would be an example of a Christmas comedy-drama film.
www.freebase.com/m/0hmrm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What type of music does the d4 play
www.freebase.com/m/0hr53gb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of mike glennon?
www.freebase.com/m/04ly31	www.freebase.com/base/fictionaluniverse/fictional_murder_victim/killed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gy_	which fictional character was killed by troilus?
www.freebase.com/m/01wbjj2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/041nl2	What label is twista signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0gvv2zj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	what type of game is sound shapes?
www.freebase.com/m/088p54	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is serve the servants?
www.freebase.com/m/0c7d8	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	what type of cooking uses azadirachta indica
www.freebase.com/m/0n48hr6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is kent sanderson from
www.freebase.com/m/03nngyk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats the language in the film  the great circus mystery
www.freebase.com/m/09jp3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03c4ztd	Who was born in Montevideo?
www.freebase.com/m/057qgw	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/013pm5	Who did noel fielding influence?
www.freebase.com/m/064m7gq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what biological sex is daniel schlereth
www.freebase.com/m/0jb1ztw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is the profession of ahmed kamel morsi
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4frz	Name a fantasy book
www.freebase.com/m/0gbltjn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is steve grasse's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0dg_ns	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01c7y	Which language is the film matrubhoomi: a nation without women in
www.freebase.com/m/0k_ysm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what is the genre of the artist oliver mandiƒá
www.freebase.com/m/0vjs6	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04lgkc6	Name a detective film. 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lnff7	What is the debut album of john mayer?
www.freebase.com/m/04b6vf9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country is spring hill located
www.freebase.com/m/09x8ms	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0gt1k	which costume was designed by adrian adolph greenberg
www.freebase.com/m/07dy15	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What genre is the tv program chancer
www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02rfvsj	who was a relief pitcher for the pirates
www.freebase.com/m/05mvw7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	what was one of the talking points in roll of thunder, hear my cry
www.freebase.com/m/0cw1f2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hnl	what type of institution is western culinary institute
www.freebase.com/m/07c7t6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/06wbqv5	what album was done by the artist sworn enemy
www.freebase.com/m/048q8cr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	A coventry is what type of region?
www.freebase.com/m/03cvwc6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the peter friedrich bouch√©'s sex?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6b1w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is rivals from?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03wcgnc	which title falls under the thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/01z3ym	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt138	What is a marketed formulation of triclosan
www.freebase.com/m/080jrfw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mgp	where was muriel matters born?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwzt2_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what genre does the house of odd book fall under
www.freebase.com/m/01k567s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k5632	what is an album released by killdozer (band)
www.freebase.com/m/0_xhgv4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is karim ouelhaj male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0kyszj0	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02brqp	who is the publisher of dungeon fighter live: fall of hendon myre
www.freebase.com/m/0c1j58b	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/025cm9	what film is edited by v√©ronique lange?
www.freebase.com/m/06hsk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/01dn3v	What is an artist from the romanticism era
www.freebase.com/m/013fwn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country contains roosevelt
www.freebase.com/m/07j_fw	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	what creed does william webster practice
www.freebase.com/m/0crvl80	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in stranger on horseback?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlm8df	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What type of athlete was bill whitby
www.freebase.com/m/03g1dz7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0mphq	who is the artist behind nothing comes for free
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04gn414	who does pop music
www.freebase.com/m/03cbwc_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What kind of music does tnk make
www.freebase.com/m/027m6nm	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01hb9p	Whose album is double trouble?
www.freebase.com/m/01jz5wk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l811y	which tracks are listed in the saturnalia release?
www.freebase.com/m/0159w1z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03xhj6	what artist recorded madonna
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8kz9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is the coming days
www.freebase.com/m/06zsh8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what nationality is gurdeep singh?
www.freebase.com/m/0gj9k0l	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0330xh	who is the father of richie steamboat
www.freebase.com/m/02rkmt4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/047f5h	who wrote friend of the devil
www.freebase.com/m/09gpr3j	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/05p3_76	What is the name of the soundtrack of frauds
www.freebase.com/m/0kd3zvn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/08xwck	Who is the director of love and money
www.freebase.com/m/031lwwf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kt3p2q	which song list does closer than they appear come from
www.freebase.com/m/02pkvf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what type of music does michaela paetsch make 
www.freebase.com/m/06mbny	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/02q01c8	what is a company in the hospitality industry
www.freebase.com/m/04wb128	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	what is the book falling through space about
www.freebase.com/m/0f04m8	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0bfkm5_	What is the name of a release produced by lucas secon
www.freebase.com/m/0f9p5y9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mbt1x	What artist recorded deep purple?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwmph	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0191_7	What kind of store is value city
www.freebase.com/m/03g7f6p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	What is the kind of music performed on the disappearance of adalia?
www.freebase.com/m/0gy23x	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0260p2	what is the publishing company responsible for bomberman land touch!
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/017fbz	what is a second level division of germany?
www.freebase.com/m/03c3r9y	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	Former baseball player hank fischer played which position?
www.freebase.com/m/04__y	www.freebase.com/education/field_of_study/academics_in_this_field	www.freebase.com/m/028f5d	who studies meteorology?
www.freebase.com/m/05mvwl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is little sister based?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgkd1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0jdx	what is the subject of blue guide albania?
www.freebase.com/m/0188y0d	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0wpshd	what is the single version of freestyle called
www.freebase.com/m/04lffs	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0_h8d8	Name a track produced by davy spillane
www.freebase.com/m/0cxfbk8	www.freebase.com/conferences/conference/focus	www.freebase.com/m/01qls	What is the focus of thecoreconference 2010?
www.freebase.com/m/0xmry	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05b1lmg	which browns football player was born in west caldwell
www.freebase.com/m/0412fcm	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	which soccer position is played by ayden duffy
www.freebase.com/m/034bs	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v7g8r	what is the title of a book edition by  george orwell
www.freebase.com/m/01wgrqy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01m9xgy	What is the name of an album created by hank snow
www.freebase.com/m/0k8lshy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is bertrand moulinet's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/0p7b4q5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was i am the architect filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02q18k5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03yf2q	who composed beauty of the beast
www.freebase.com/m/0p_70	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/02yrzf	whats a city found on the river zambezi
www.freebase.com/m/04f06rk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the film truck stop women located in?
www.freebase.com/m/05mrl_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/02hlsls	what is a version of the cvg dark castle
www.freebase.com/m/03c1p_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k3p	which netherlands city was andries bicker born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03c7dw3	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0x4qb	in what major city does the road nebraska highway 40 cross
www.freebase.com/m/0271nmv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where in new york did paul oskar kristeller die?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fwbdn2	What is the name of an album released on June 8, 2010?
www.freebase.com/m/043m0hd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what types of music is letters out loud
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05q8s9w	What is the name of a pop music artist
www.freebase.com/m/07rrc_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	what state is blue mountain (pennsylvania) in
www.freebase.com/m/0vpstpb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is carl hansen's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0h52vcy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what film genre is  insaaf ki pukar
www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v9y5n3	Name a background actor born in boston
www.freebase.com/m/0q577	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0265qkf	Who was a person that was influenced by berzelius
www.freebase.com/m/03jgnq5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	in what format is line connection aim album presented
www.freebase.com/m/02t0n9	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0n4jfsz	who is a parent of larry fine
www.freebase.com/m/02vx6fs	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of video game is looney tunes: marvin strikes back!
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/063kfbv	what is a film in the genre lgbt
www.freebase.com/m/01lk8gj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album mourir pour des id√©es
www.freebase.com/m/02rrq68	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is augustin verot
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2lnp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What language is spoken in when beckham met owen
www.freebase.com/m/016_d_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03d96s	What label is juvenile associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/04wk4vb	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0ftdd	who manufactured kodak easyshare c713
www.freebase.com/m/036fxp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country does scooby-doo 2: monsters unleashed take place
www.freebase.com/m/0hqntwb	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	What is the shape of the cytomel 50 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0jxl4rj	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0jxl4b9	What album is babylon a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04v_5d3	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02611kt	who is the publisher of the kite runner?
www.freebase.com/m/01kpcnp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	what kind of music is better than raw 
www.freebase.com/m/0gpt8q	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/018gz8	What was al pearce's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr_xs	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/01781c	what is glycerin 0.075 swab a formulation of
www.freebase.com/m/0vc5p_3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05byy	Where is jandino asporaat from?
www.freebase.com/m/0ntj71r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0t6bpx	which albums contain the song count on me?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdyp7	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	whats a color of cypress lake high school
www.freebase.com/m/0175yg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01pxv1y	Name an electric blues artist.
www.freebase.com/m/032dh_r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0k_sp_b	What is the track list of aled jones: the christmas album?
www.freebase.com/m/08vt2s	www.freebase.com/film/film_featured_song/performed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0140t7	youll be in my heart was performed by what artist
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06w3tby	what hotel is in toronto
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrc7l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/019bkd	what is the active ingredient in zyprexa
www.freebase.com/m/05f7658	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is aninuddha roy chowdhury's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02ry519	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0n2z	what city in greece did  michalis oikonomou die
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/041128d	Who's a defender for cruz azul
www.freebase.com/m/0kyr4lt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01_30_	Who is the developer of the game allied general?
www.freebase.com/m/04bsng	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what sort of film is antitrust
www.freebase.com/m/013tlst	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pbwwl	who recorded the song the candy man
www.freebase.com/m/0mw4vn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kw9z00	what is a track from us
www.freebase.com/m/0crsfw2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	what is the netflix genre of the art of love?
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whw85	what book's subject is history
www.freebase.com/m/0679gf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/05xmhv	What broadcasting company owns wfan-fm
www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09k7flk	Who is a indie genre artist
www.freebase.com/m/04hq_6h	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01f9wm	who was the developer for disneys aladdin
www.freebase.com/m/0crrnc6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	What genre of film is by the sea?
www.freebase.com/m/0359vnv	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was everybody loves a winner released 
www.freebase.com/m/01hztmw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	deep purple  by English rock band Deep Purple is what genre
www.freebase.com/m/0dsw7d	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0qdwr	who produced the film the call of the canyon
www.freebase.com/m/0h7nwpf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does jaime villegas play 
www.freebase.com/m/010btx4	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/01bmr1g	what is the name of a version of boston tea party
www.freebase.com/m/0g5k3j3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04pwrt	Where was andreas schmidt-schaller born?
www.freebase.com/m/01hyzj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljxw	what profession did gabriele falloppio have 
www.freebase.com/m/0glyyrw	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	What is the film format of fallen
www.freebase.com/m/0qzx2lr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of  aaron hammersley
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/02px4yk	what is a turn-based rpg that features multiplayer
www.freebase.com/m/01rwfmq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k345	what is the genre of the album yankees
www.freebase.com/m/09rr3bn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of film is tonight we sing?
www.freebase.com/m/0jyq0q	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07pzhsf	Name a film by sam froelich
www.freebase.com/m/02r9p0c	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03_2y	Who produced the film ex machina
www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_children	www.freebase.com/m/02cz0b	What is a local government area in victoria (australia)?
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/065s73r	what is an ingredient that can be used in veganism?
www.freebase.com/m/0b731v	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/01p4hy	What type of fictional character species is wonder girl?
www.freebase.com/m/0654bby	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country did the film private penthouse movies: sex forever take place in? 
www.freebase.com/m/0bq4d	www.freebase.com/base/politicalconventions/political_convention/presidential_nominee	www.freebase.com/m/0bq6m	Who was a presidential candidate at the 1968 democratic national convention
www.freebase.com/m/0q4fpz8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what kind of gender is brian williams?
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05s_t83	whats the title of a  alternative rock album
www.freebase.com/m/047s85x	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/04t973	what sector is the organization foundation fighting blindness?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhpht	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031d0xf	which song is part of birth
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0clz018	Who is an actor
www.freebase.com/m/0ld40hv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0376mzn	which album was jesse james released on
www.freebase.com/m/0h63wz2	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/02k8k	where is the general location of north american reciprocal museums?
www.freebase.com/m/03c1bbb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is edmond privat
www.freebase.com/m/0f5pfds	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	Where was i am‚Ä¶ released
www.freebase.com/m/01syys2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cr87v	what track was made by the artist zi:kill
www.freebase.com/m/07mlmx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what type of music does love child make
www.freebase.com/m/0gf08sp	www.freebase.com/cvg/video_game_soundtrack/video_game	www.freebase.com/m/0243qz	what game are the songs on eve online original soundtrack, volume 1 from
www.freebase.com/m/03b_98l	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was elden kingston found to have died?
www.freebase.com/m/01c1px	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bmdfhj	what napoleon film did friz freleng produce
www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cnxrf0	whats the name of a television producer
www.freebase.com/m/03kfm0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was praying with anger filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0dvn2j_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0dvn2f4	what is the original version of israel called
www.freebase.com/m/0h15pp1	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/0gm78bl	What is the name of a film that showed at 2011 anima mundi film festival?
www.freebase.com/m/04st4r8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	the movie helen is a product of which country
www.freebase.com/m/02vbxg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqq5ch	What is a track by 10cc?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxrk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0nfkmv3	Name a person born in hokkaido.
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02r42cq	What is the name of a place in united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs0c_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What category of drug is locoid
www.freebase.com/m/04r1y6	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/05zp8	what is the function of the frederiksborg palace
www.freebase.com/m/08z0wx	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09bd6f	Who is an artist known for gothic metal
www.freebase.com/m/0jvt9t_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Which country does alejandro zielinsky gaglione have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0crrs91	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is the spenser: the judas goat movie spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0c04fq2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Which country was etienne chicot born in
www.freebase.com/m/0gtxvds	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was my first kiss released in 
www.freebase.com/m/01k5x6d	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fsb8	where did nappy brown's life end
www.freebase.com/m/0vxpkbb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	what is the nationality of errikos thalassinos
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02wbmxz	Name an animation television program?
www.freebase.com/m/095sg_	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/03tzh9	what is the architectural style of rosenthal center for contemporary art
www.freebase.com/m/06chv_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqts_m	What is echinacea angustifolia an active ingredient in?
www.freebase.com/m/03lrrq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/drug_class	www.freebase.com/m/02xxvj	what drug class does colistin below in?
www.freebase.com/m/04_73f	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/08wjc1	what kind of a company is bowfinger?
www.freebase.com/m/055rs7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/06ys2	what character has hand-to-hand combat skill
www.freebase.com/m/0ghkrc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what kind of game is knights of the temple: infernal crusade?
www.freebase.com/m/01rm8b	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbx4b	what is content associated with simply red
www.freebase.com/m/081gf	www.freebase.com/computer/software_genre/software_in_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01vw7p	What's a piece of wiki software
www.freebase.com/m/080c8_k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre does 30 days belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03cn0ff	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/grandsire	www.freebase.com/m/0809vjg	who was the grandsire for the racing horse viva pataca
www.freebase.com/m/03yl_kc	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/02b2g0	which company produced mary poppins, goodbye?
www.freebase.com/m/0g1pp5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is love 101 filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0wpymqn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is harold bridgeforth's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0npms1c	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0np1nxc	What is free the release track of
www.freebase.com/m/068x5j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is in the film sitting target
www.freebase.com/m/0gb_h82	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is bartosz obuchowicz?
www.freebase.com/m/05srj4j	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/0g_k50	what book did the character  demetri appear in
www.freebase.com/m/01vth_3	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01v1d8	which instruments does elisa (singer) mainly play?
www.freebase.com/m/03cb4ks	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/nris_listing/significant_person	www.freebase.com/m/06k86j	who was the prudence crandall house named after
www.freebase.com/m/09ttlc	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fczz5	Which film did harris jayaraj do the music for
www.freebase.com/m/038l1h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05czvmf	what is madeleine vionnet know for
www.freebase.com/m/04w_nh	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/06r22d	What's a radio station owned by salem communications
www.freebase.com/m/0g_kr_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is resurrection
www.freebase.com/m/0f7ft74	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was carnivore released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0j5b8	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/09_db3	which university had napoleon as a founder
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs2hm	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01v2_g	what is an active ingredient in dilaudid
www.freebase.com/m/01wcs3j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g70jhy	what is a track from trey anastasio band
www.freebase.com/m/0w28s8y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	how did georgios paparizos die
www.freebase.com/m/045njty	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0197s6	what type of artwork is where?
www.freebase.com/m/04f_6_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01c1px	who directed the movie ain't she tweet
www.freebase.com/m/01522	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01ssdh	which island is baltic sea
www.freebase.com/m/03b4jt	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	what is the rank of the organism classification sium sisarum?
www.freebase.com/m/05193zt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0c5fsk	What is the topic of the book developing expert systems
www.freebase.com/m/04hwn3l	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03vdpy	who developed the x-plane game
www.freebase.com/m/0417rm0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language was a cold red sunrise originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/0c77qf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What is shiho kawaragi's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0chcg9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is roddy maude-roxby's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04nlb60	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/04nlbth	what is a film that screened at the 2008 tribeca film festival
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t3zy0	What is a mystery book?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv2r2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the movie vamsi's genre
www.freebase.com/m/01v0k49	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	which genre does george jackson perform
www.freebase.com/m/063y7g7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what kind of book is thin air
www.freebase.com/m/0lmh52c	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038bbnr	which albums contain the track o holy night?
www.freebase.com/m/01l0jkq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0glt670	what type of music does foxy brown (rapper) perform
www.freebase.com/m/05_6hc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/020jqv	who composed the song the rainbow connection
www.freebase.com/m/02g_mcn	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	What type of content is cold mountain?
www.freebase.com/m/0n971b_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09d4_	Where was Takeshi Matsuyama born?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/063vys	What is the name of a film in the drama genre
www.freebase.com/m/0bxw5yj	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/education	www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	where does shamshi serve
www.freebase.com/m/07pnk	www.freebase.com/media_common/cause_of_loss/works_lost_this_way	www.freebase.com/m/03ns6tb	what is a stolen painting by Paul Cezanne?
www.freebase.com/m/05jc7z	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0gp9mp	Who did the cinematography of the stranger
www.freebase.com/m/0f9x9	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/03gvt	what instrument is played by fats waller
www.freebase.com/m/0nzyb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048xhf5	what is a city in coweta county
www.freebase.com/m/03jghnz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	what genre of music is the great silver eye 
www.freebase.com/m/07ypt	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04t7dw	which politician was born in victoria, british columbia
www.freebase.com/m/03558l	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0219kb	Name a athlete who plays shooting guard in basketball.
www.freebase.com/m/01pwmfh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03cb69t	what is band that released the album evolution
www.freebase.com/m/0gwlfnb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	which category does g.i. joe: retaliation fall into
www.freebase.com/m/012t_z	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/08075pd	who is a professional businessman 
www.freebase.com/m/0vzvz_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is clayton s. taylor's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04nm08l	what film is a type of drama?
www.freebase.com/m/0lkty95	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0lc9qr	which recording contains the track birthday girl?
www.freebase.com/m/0kynqwg	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/021gk7	who developed the game version omega
www.freebase.com/m/0k236c1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0j9t5sw	What is the name of an episode from the oprah winfrey show - season 24
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/09gg665	Who is a Ukrainian football midfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hhf73	which album is soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j76z3h	who was born in london
www.freebase.com/m/081c8r	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	what instrument does tony laureano play
www.freebase.com/m/0bfdql3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03h_0w	which artist released the violin sonatas?
www.freebase.com/m/0qj6g03	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of david court?
www.freebase.com/m/01pnqw9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of the album cutterpillow
www.freebase.com/m/027skzl	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03qth54	what industry does onebeacon operate in
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8tng	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is in the film the shower?
www.freebase.com/m/0dhbk1f	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/076hkl	whats the name of a railways station in plymouth
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0140ll	What is an example of a fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/016wrq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h7pyj5	Name someone who was born in rotherham
www.freebase.com/m/05p7yh2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	The film in praise of older women was based in which country?
www.freebase.com/m/03gvt8d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	Which genre of film is saturday night?
www.freebase.com/m/021g5dm	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05x7tk	What city is contained within 98122?
www.freebase.com/m/04v2bcp	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0423t	Who is the author of the book edition quest for the well of souls
www.freebase.com/m/06g5hg	www.freebase.com/base/wrestling/solo_wrestler_or_team/members	www.freebase.com/m/062mg9	who is a member of the mean street posse
www.freebase.com/m/0b76hp	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	What genre of book is villa incognito?
www.freebase.com/m/026dqfw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what medium of art does maria yakunchikova create
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt_m8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What's the legal status of titanium dioxide 0.03 emulsion
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/09v2hxc	what is a suspense film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0npyfrg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cp90m	which track contains ace of spades
www.freebase.com/m/04h68j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/02_lc1	what shows have james wong (producer) created?
www.freebase.com/m/0jb87dm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is christopher harrison notable for being?
www.freebase.com/m/05f9_nh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	what kinds of music is be human
www.freebase.com/m/05zq268	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	group portrait with a lady was filmed in which language?
www.freebase.com/m/0771q2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0yyh	what state is yemmiganur in 
www.freebase.com/m/05nfzq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03fxtq	where is the kunming lake located?
www.freebase.com/m/04t282r	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is way out of no way
www.freebase.com/m/04jk1t	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/016ghh	what is an adaptation of tales of the south pacific called
www.freebase.com/m/062jdz	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/02h7f6	Which type of museum is the eisenhower presidential center
www.freebase.com/m/0frfd_6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0np1qg2	what is the canonical version of lost (rogers 12 mix)?
www.freebase.com/m/07kcgd9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	what city did leon bili≈Ñski ie in
www.freebase.com/m/02ryshx	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01_xv9	gigantics was produced by whom?
www.freebase.com/m/04j22c7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	which language is spoken in gonin 2 in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0377d76	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is paradoxes an audio cassette or a compact disc
www.freebase.com/m/05gk1c	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0543z4	what is the associated period of arman?
www.freebase.com/m/06zrlfq	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	What is a conflict dennis elwell participated in?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhkbqp	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was blink‚Äê182 released 
www.freebase.com/m/0lfnv2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0npf_c1	what track is in the recording dear john?
www.freebase.com/m/04v2h7y	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what was the binding of the book  the genocidal healer (a sector general novel)
www.freebase.com/m/0dd9ps1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what type of music is aeolia
www.freebase.com/m/079qkb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is benjamin watson a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/01wj0z6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06953q	trentem√∏ller  specializes in what music
www.freebase.com/m/04jj350	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03tp6l	what movie was bert glennon a cinematographer on
www.freebase.com/m/04lqvgl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/04hqz	What country does the film i want to see originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/08g7pv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is david hall's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0p39x	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0qsg7	what city is conway county, arkansas in
www.freebase.com/m/01pv91	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23kw	what is the netflix genre of chicken run
www.freebase.com/m/038yj1c	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country was dangerous released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02657fk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin associated with fast money (cnbc)
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fstz6g	Name an album.
www.freebase.com/m/03fkfky	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Where was believe released
www.freebase.com/m/0b72zr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was franklin and the green knight made?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03h2sct	who plays as a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/05sy1v8	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what position does yasser g√≥mez play in baseball 
www.freebase.com/m/04962kn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	in which state is the location bonn  
www.freebase.com/m/03c_kzv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position did soccer player kenan ƒåejvanoviƒá play
www.freebase.com/m/0bpjf3x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is lee woo-suk male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01rzy2	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02qsbjv	what is michael landon's child?
www.freebase.com/m/0n_kx0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ww_vs	What artist recorded cars (reworked by flood and rob kirwan)
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/03nsm5x	los angeles is featured in which film?
www.freebase.com/m/015jzw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03y05ty	What killed conrad gessner
www.freebase.com/m/01r1pgl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was when the night is over
www.freebase.com/m/0w1d0rg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city was michael shure born in
www.freebase.com/m/0bjqbn	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01t7jy	who is the publisher for the game south park: chef's luv shack
www.freebase.com/m/031_cdd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what country was 8 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/09rjmfp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is snowfall in taipei?
www.freebase.com/m/02sxv_	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy95	Who did gary burton influence in music
www.freebase.com/m/02612lv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	What language is spoken in the tv show sailor moon
www.freebase.com/m/0wyb84m	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album pennies from heaven
www.freebase.com/m/094nfs	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0gyhjvj	who created the cinematography for the film  the rosa parks story
www.freebase.com/m/0g08zj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0frrpmw	what is a track of the panama album
www.freebase.com/m/0fpy0mc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is dagmar heller male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0vy8z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nhry	Where is midway township located?
www.freebase.com/m/07t3_w_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	what german city did heinz oskar wuttig die in
www.freebase.com/m/06qr337	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03d8ff3	Who is a child of mickey heath
www.freebase.com/m/0bb_1l3	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	which position in football does angelo pizzetti play as?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyqtl_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what type of game is atari: 80 classic games in one?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04bpnc	what is the name of a 1970s album
www.freebase.com/m/09fc83	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/010gny	Where was the film the stand filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0276w03	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of the fictional character filia ul copt?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2dttp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album was  acoustic young
www.freebase.com/m/04w51pb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0261m	what is the book el whisky de los poetas about
www.freebase.com/m/01x89h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	What is the color of san jacinto college?
www.freebase.com/m/02jzfc	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gf_ln	What type of content does saxon (band) record?
www.freebase.com/m/0df0kl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0x8v1	Which city was charley brock born in
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nswp8	What's the soundtrack from the movie i robot
www.freebase.com/m/033lmpj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ptv4p	What is the name of track on the release the best of dr. know?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lz3r6	Name a compilation album.
www.freebase.com/m/04j34m4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	which genre in netflix can dead heart be found under
www.freebase.com/m/0d0dhz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpyt8	what is the profession of jo ann kelly
www.freebase.com/m/025bwc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbv3	Name a person with the profession of impresario.
www.freebase.com/m/01q510	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where did madame de la fayette die?
www.freebase.com/m/01vtx0h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what kinds of music is played by giorgia
www.freebase.com/m/01j9fg4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the world is live at newcastle
www.freebase.com/m/0206yg	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	what's the taxonomic rank of the house finch
www.freebase.com/m/01lqt0y	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kinds of album is the best of mendelssohn
www.freebase.com/m/04t10dj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d05l6	What is the subject of the book emma and mommy talk to god
www.freebase.com/m/0gbwrxw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of tyde kierney
www.freebase.com/m/0nnfphr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrt_c	WHich artist did the recording lady marmalade
www.freebase.com/m/0h3m2ys	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04w5h2	Where was weyinmi efejuku born?
www.freebase.com/m/01m_9f_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/075fr3	is rhett miller or beyonce the artist associated with mythologies
www.freebase.com/m/0b8twt9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is john warren a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/0wlv9h9	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0wk3y3n	What album is the release california from
www.freebase.com/m/056pr7f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0bmm4	where is rok han≈æiƒç from
www.freebase.com/m/05p_cqv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what type of binding is john carter of mars?
www.freebase.com/m/0wd01vk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What part of the world was jerusalem released in
www.freebase.com/m/04z_xff	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what's the language that four stones for kanemitsu was filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0294j	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t49rg	What's a book that deals with death?
www.freebase.com/m/01kph_c	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_hxmvd	What lyrics did warren zevon write
www.freebase.com/m/0lqv69t	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0395rzr	which album was seed on
www.freebase.com/m/062x26	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	What genre of cvg game is linus spacehead's cosmic crusade
www.freebase.com/m/0d5zk7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of edgar wilson
www.freebase.com/m/07s3ct0	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/05nkp2	who is a character from the book 61 hours?
www.freebase.com/m/01tf6h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is gravesend in 
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/06_974c	Name a professional screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/0sjql5p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01540h	what artist recorded finlandia, op. 26?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0gm3nnt	what is the film format of a 35 mm film
www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cr0b7	what indian screenwriter was born in mumbai
www.freebase.com/m/0fw2y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03h32t9	which area can be found in madison, wisconsin
www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0l3ygss	whats the name of a player who plays as a catcher                                             
www.freebase.com/m/03mgm8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	Where was joe mcleod born?
www.freebase.com/m/01sn3	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/020j8dt	what is a zip code in cleveland, ohio
www.freebase.com/m/06l8d	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/02bb8z	what is a restaurant
www.freebase.com/m/0fwxdjh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02bh9	Which musician released the album 9?
www.freebase.com/m/01rxknl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/075znj	which record label did blessed by a broken heart belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/04gp2x0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r3f7	where did cardell camper die
www.freebase.com/m/0klw	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0gksp7n	what film was  arthur c. clarke in the credits for as the film story contributor
www.freebase.com/m/052p7	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0rdfbzz	who are individuals born in montreal
www.freebase.com/m/026rg27	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	how is the netflix title a battle of wits  classified 
www.freebase.com/m/04ydtzf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/next_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/05p6hh0	what is the next book in the hunger games series
www.freebase.com/m/0653m	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/dialects	www.freebase.com/m/0g6_p3	what is a group within the mandarin chinese language
www.freebase.com/m/040vzx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqmz_8	what drug is manufactured by cardinal health
www.freebase.com/m/05zz48j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what is konstantin dzutsev's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02rw4zn	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0542n	what is the main focus of the organization nothing but nets?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp2z6	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is mexitil 250 capsule available 
www.freebase.com/m/0wp_5fv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is werner grassmann's gender
www.freebase.com/m/05d8f8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04158zy	where is pavlodar located 
www.freebase.com/m/08cdf8	www.freebase.com/theater/play/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vrz41	who is the composer in billy elliot the musical
www.freebase.com/m/04t313_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01rll_	What was the subject of the immaculate invasion
www.freebase.com/m/01d5g	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/011w20	who created batman
www.freebase.com/m/095m74	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what type of music does is smoking popes known for
www.freebase.com/m/01mdz5b	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the capitol collection: 1990-2000?
www.freebase.com/m/01rbkz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04q1x3q	what type of game is pingus?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrvt_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/01h2ty	what is estradiol 0.0304 patch formulated from?
www.freebase.com/m/04v8btb	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	how was silas marner bound
www.freebase.com/m/09k4dv_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	What label is afrika baby bam affiliated with?
www.freebase.com/m/06k9n3w	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is the mercenaries?
www.freebase.com/m/048wjs	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	Where did the united states senate elections, 2006 take place?
www.freebase.com/m/01srwb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/012f5pk	What's a song performed by stan getz
www.freebase.com/m/03ykx7y	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	how is the 11425 wearydunlop categorized
www.freebase.com/m/0559z6	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0c3zth0	what is the name of a bootleg recording album
www.freebase.com/m/04gt6ct	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is qismat apnay haath mein?
www.freebase.com/m/04179g8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	Which gameplay mode is used for harry potter and the half-blood prince?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcxwg	www.freebase.com/book/translation/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is windows vista para dummies (for dummies written in?
www.freebase.com/m/015j7	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w6t_f	what is a work of the bible?
www.freebase.com/m/026m_6n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/096g3	Where did ferdinando galli-bibiena pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0crrnsd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	in which country was the black candle filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/0xvtx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is santa clara pueblo, new mexico located?
www.freebase.com/m/0x51n9	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0dwnv00	Name a version of the single free
www.freebase.com/m/01vc3sx	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	does roy ayers play the keyboard or guitar 
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w_1j4m	What is the name of a mountain located in Maryland, united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlzrn	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is the color of a nicotine 4 lozenge
www.freebase.com/m/0vsc86s	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where did ali enver beyefendi die?
www.freebase.com/m/03zf_l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv4m5	what is mannitol marketed as
www.freebase.com/m/0kf9p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0r4ttxb	Who was born in yakima?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpbn2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is hans holzer's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/01k5cgg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	what sort of music is the album entangled in chaos
www.freebase.com/m/038cf	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0j8kkp2	what movie was inspired by colombian writer gabriel garc√≠a m√°rquez
www.freebase.com/m/01l263	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c188_6	Who was born in maracaibo?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0tj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljt9	hypothalamus  completes what part of the body
www.freebase.com/m/0b6347	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03bxszz	What company developed blazing angels?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6892r	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03jmb8	what is sergei puskepalis's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/08hdjg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	mark moore is known for what type of musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/0ytph	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/027r0sk	which event was held in springfield
www.freebase.com/m/02qyf34	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	What is the video game genre of god of war iii
www.freebase.com/m/0fc1qz	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	what position does jay gainer play?
www.freebase.com/m/092sp2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/014wxc	What is the place of death of ralph m. rich?
www.freebase.com/m/0f44pv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is per roar bredvold's sex
www.freebase.com/m/0flrh5	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0bpfq8	what major cities does alberta highway 49 run through
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gxgdsz	what is a film in the romance film genre
www.freebase.com/m/01pgr3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	What genre is the film "Americas Sweethearts"?
www.freebase.com/m/03_lq5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	What kind of rock is jacques dutronc classified under?
www.freebase.com/m/066vb1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what player mode is available for dance dance revolution ultramix 3?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjzf6	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is persico dosimo located in
www.freebase.com/m/0cp0t91	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/032zrq	what is the production company for the film on the road
www.freebase.com/m/0f5nb0_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f5nb7f	which track was in the release best of taste
www.freebase.com/m/05w1b3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is the tomb of ligeia 
www.freebase.com/m/018cgnh	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0f9_0xf	what is a version of stephen?
www.freebase.com/m/0260gs7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what type of videogame is poxnora 
www.freebase.com/m/02pd05	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01gfq4	what label is catie curtis signed to 
www.freebase.com/m/039f9t4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_tyy4	name a song from the violent album
www.freebase.com/m/0m1rcgw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j98y_	What album is central park featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0h2n8t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	which state is virginia's 10th congressional district in 
www.freebase.com/m/053vlj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0rsjf	What is the origin of the artist casting crowns?
www.freebase.com/m/01kx2qf	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0ql36	What artist released the album gold?
www.freebase.com/m/0fb81s	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cn221	What is the name of the town that percy sonn passed away in
www.freebase.com/m/0371npg	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is silver scooter / cursive from 
www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0m20xxp	who was born in russia?
www.freebase.com/m/06krjz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is arthur keen's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04j25vp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	which genre does netflix put courtship
www.freebase.com/m/0yqks7v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0mp4c	who was the singer on the album charles aznavour chante no√´l
www.freebase.com/m/0f73xh	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What was the sex of ever
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0b6g6_g	what is a Main Belt minor planet discovered in Czech Republic, on 1983
www.freebase.com/m/02lk2k	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is t. keith glennan's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/07c98	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/053kpv4	what university is in tamil nadu
www.freebase.com/m/02bqxb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is the fly
www.freebase.com/m/0125f1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the tv program all that's country of origin
www.freebase.com/m/0xd40ns	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/025027	Who is god rest ye merry, gentlemen by?
www.freebase.com/m/068jk6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	What language is the film la ricotta in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqq8kd	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/05lm7z	who makes childrens allergy 12.5 liquid
www.freebase.com/m/01h65jq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is give em the boot iii
www.freebase.com/m/0863kh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the tv program storefront lawyers
www.freebase.com/m/0b_xm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0781g	yes (band)  is a performer of what musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m81	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0qf2t	What independent movies can be found on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/01vrs20	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0_2zyw	What tracks did sascha konietzko produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5ssd7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w5pnq	Which artist recorded click?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh7pwk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	sing a song for you is what kind of album
www.freebase.com/m/07fr_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j3_5_r	Name a person born in turks and caicos islands.
www.freebase.com/m/0621_z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l3q2	which city in brazil contains mineir√£o?
www.freebase.com/m/040_ts	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h8512	what is picacho peak state park
www.freebase.com/m/07x_wt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country does terry considine belong to
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04tzrr	who is an artist that likes alternative rock
www.freebase.com/m/0_hrk9w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/01dy4k4	what is a recording of lost?
www.freebase.com/m/079lntw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/079lnx4	Which episode of revealed with jules asner - season 3 has brew barrymore in it
www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsmfy	What is a marketed formulation of titanium dioxide
www.freebase.com/m/02hxlmw	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	which continent is the urali language spoken 
www.freebase.com/m/0hgs06b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02pjxr	what does sara kugelmass do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/02x2z50	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	was kastro born in manhattan or boston
www.freebase.com/m/0k93skv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/02_j7t	who wrote the tv episode little britain abroad part 2
www.freebase.com/m/0nm7thz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nsg95n	what track is part of joshua
www.freebase.com/m/0gdxdbz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014hz6	Who recorded enigma variations, op. 36: variation 10
www.freebase.com/m/04wdb5z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is the subject of the sacred art of shakespeare
www.freebase.com/m/0265qkf	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03sbs	Which philosopher influenced hans christian √òrsted?
www.freebase.com/m/0xsb4	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0n59t	what county is bernardsville, new jersey in
www.freebase.com/m/0bl9x	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what western religion is does √âamon de valera believe in
www.freebase.com/m/0kbg_5n	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01lmln	who was the composer of the song pop that
www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03wj1tj	What baseball player was born in san francisco?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hw741	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03f4zn0	who composed tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/01kfmhx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01kqr6	What kind of music is rock bottom?
www.freebase.com/m/01l2pct	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023s2t	What produced the album cult ii - a miracle summer breeze
www.freebase.com/m/04mn81	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/036j36n	what releases are by pharrell williams?
www.freebase.com/m/0g1z2qn	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what is the physical medium of the release t.h.c. / rough justice / organics / robots?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7bw6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/016ymh9	What is a track sung by anssi kela
www.freebase.com/m/05tt3_	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03pg11	Who did the music for the touch?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crspvx	what are netflix horror titles
www.freebase.com/m/02706ny	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/079df	Name an artist on the label flip records
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dsc2z3	Name a rock and roll album
www.freebase.com/m/04vfs4z	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0fvt2	who edited exultant (destinys children)
www.freebase.com/m/0fq15r2	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what offensive position does cory gearrin play
www.freebase.com/m/04wght7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01q73	what is the topic of the nature of consciousness
www.freebase.com/m/015w6q	www.freebase.com/business/brand/products	www.freebase.com/m/05h99rl	What toy is a part of barbie
www.freebase.com/m/026kcvh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q00t	what genre is bob and tom radio: the comedy tour
www.freebase.com/m/04zww8x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre of film is night and day in?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g9yl05	What is an example of a studio album
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dmjm0	who was the artist in the visual art form painting
www.freebase.com/m/03rtqd	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0t51mvk	what is jamaica kincaid's daughters name
www.freebase.com/m/07rrll	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0m4mb	what kind of school is st. josephs nudgee college
www.freebase.com/m/03m6dc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is sequatchie river in?
www.freebase.com/m/05nzr1t	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position does the football player samir fazli play?
www.freebase.com/m/06r6gh	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	what position does corey webster play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0bbvzdk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of hubert renfro knickerbocker?
www.freebase.com/m/0155w	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0frhjg_	what is the name of a blues artist that plays guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_service_type/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/05c7dcp	which transit line does the  bus follow
www.freebase.com/m/03qz2jj	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/05sng	in which topic gallery does the image palestinian family from ramallah, c. 1905 appear
www.freebase.com/m/04505z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k_mf	What is the place of death of lane smith?
www.freebase.com/m/03y25x3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 3665 fitzgerald rotate around 
www.freebase.com/m/0dqpvj1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0521ldc	Who was the artist that recorded sylvia?
www.freebase.com/m/05qhly	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/05_zvx	which airport is the hub for winair
www.freebase.com/m/0hqskn0	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06vqn8	which active ingredient does presidents choice contain
www.freebase.com/m/02wzmjh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/023_wbg	What is a track by jeff dahl?
www.freebase.com/m/01qjfqd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What kind of music is wings of the morning
www.freebase.com/m/01tdzps	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what kind of music does the emerson string quartet play
www.freebase.com/m/0286n0b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g117jp	What is a track by the artist da‚Äô t.r.u.t.h.?
www.freebase.com/m/03j6cfz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqsds5	What is a song from o holy night album
www.freebase.com/m/07wgy4	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/025df4	what is the higher classification of tannat
www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/organisms_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/09zrgr	what is the name of the new New Zealand racehorse known as The Kiwi
www.freebase.com/m/02_75_	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/024kr	What religion does denise van outen follow 
www.freebase.com/m/027vql0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What type of genre is survival?
www.freebase.com/m/0261jk	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0261jx	who is the child of santo trafficante, sr.?
www.freebase.com/m/0hzp507	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what kind of gender is malcolm brabant?
www.freebase.com/m/04n6f92	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bkg87	which musician contributed to acid factory
www.freebase.com/m/04j0gd1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What style of film is four lane highway?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5q9bb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03mzp3	who recorded thunderstorms and neon signs
www.freebase.com/m/03cltw_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	which language is composed by quando me'n vo'
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01sgzqn	What is an example of a death metal artist
www.freebase.com/m/017hph4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/036s11v	What release is murder featured on?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxf3tw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where in europe is chase armitage from
www.freebase.com/m/04zlmb	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04m8bc5	what is a game published by dreamcatcher games
www.freebase.com/m/01pnzv_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is symphony 4 in f minor, op. 36
www.freebase.com/m/0c6l_d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music is the album nobody wants to be alone
www.freebase.com/m/0bbbn06	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/012t9m	who did the costume for sylvia and the ghost
www.freebase.com/m/0wbnqjr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	in which european country did monica grey die
www.freebase.com/m/08kzg2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is loughgall a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04zrkq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09gd56s	who is a person born in imus
www.freebase.com/m/0k04spl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ptj2	where was jonas grosch born?
www.freebase.com/m/0_dslzv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014g6c	whos the artist behind the recording titled  night in tunisia
www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02qw5q2	what is a period piece film in netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6kwcd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/047qv50	who composed catch me up?
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/040rch5	what games have been published by electronic arts?
www.freebase.com/m/04jl1jj	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/017s11	what production company produced 10 rillington place
www.freebase.com/m/01j7lkg	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	where did sidney wood die
www.freebase.com/m/0gg6xcz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	What type of music is featured on las consecuencias
www.freebase.com/m/01qqz9d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nnp2m1	what tracks are by the king sisters?
www.freebase.com/m/054khv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is hannah frank female or male
www.freebase.com/m/08745	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04ylrl4	Name a book about xml.
www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05sf5g	Which former St. Louis Cardinals player was an outfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/03j1hrz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	what label is jimdandysblackoakarkansas contracted with
www.freebase.com/m/027dr1m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is dean walling's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/07mbg5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is scarlett chorvat from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f9wnv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	What kind of artist is stam1na
www.freebase.com/m/03w5cv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/065yfp3	Who's a politician born in karaj
www.freebase.com/m/032zrq	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0fvjzn	which film did film4 productions produce 
www.freebase.com/m/0zfxnww	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/016fgv	What production company puts on television times
www.freebase.com/m/0dmxpkr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m8ky79	what is a track from new mexico
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0wpldmb	Name a thriller film.
www.freebase.com/m/03y862d	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system does 13760 rodriguez belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/02q0cf0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	In what format was symphonion dream released?
www.freebase.com/m/058tq4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02fkyc	what organization was founded by  sidney myer
www.freebase.com/m/02pj6tj	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/0dn7v	What type of martial art does Kyokutenzan Takeshi participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/04v4tmz	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was john thomas and lady jane published
www.freebase.com/m/0rqgr1r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what is ejnar nettelbladt's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0gb_75c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the biological gender of gianni solaro?
www.freebase.com/m/0h68sw0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0djd3	What is Christian Pena's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y0v5v	Name something that orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03cs98v	What is a album in the heavy metal genre?
www.freebase.com/m/05p0z53	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which world conflict did gustav gihr participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/04d0cyq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/includes	www.freebase.com/m/0_h_3ky	what tittle is played in the marriage of figaro
www.freebase.com/m/02r1r9v	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/03ll3	What is nguyen hong quang an activist for
www.freebase.com/m/051xl4s	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/04z3my	Which weight division did manuel vargas compete in
www.freebase.com/m/0ppvmm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy9_	which artist recorded in the cool, cool, cool of the evening
www.freebase.com/m/0gbmcwg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is stefan k√∂nig from
www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0j26c6x	Name an album from the contemporary christian music genre
www.freebase.com/m/0h1b_sp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of destorm
www.freebase.com/m/07tj4c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre of film is emma?
www.freebase.com/m/04n6gwm	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/048n7	which war did arthur pembroke participate in
www.freebase.com/m/06_3thn	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/044lg	who was the director of epaves
www.freebase.com/m/09gcsjl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01wky7	where is shoko sawada from
www.freebase.com/m/0170v9	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0k4bgn	who directed the cinematography in the apostle?
www.freebase.com/m/0q5sd2d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02rsfrv	who put out an album called psalms
www.freebase.com/m/03cclqk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/04pf83	who created kutumb
www.freebase.com/m/06xp1z	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/non_profit_extra/classification	www.freebase.com/m/0ppgm1j	What is the classification of salve regina university?
www.freebase.com/m/0fypbxm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fypbzr	what album is power of a woman on
www.freebase.com/m/09gmt3x	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	name the football position that reis ashraf  plays
www.freebase.com/m/018ysx	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02v_m19	what is an artist that creates psychobilly music
www.freebase.com/m/048wyc_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	in which USA state in westwood located
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jr1hk	what album did the runaways release in 1987?
www.freebase.com/m/0f7sy6z	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is dirty: best of?
www.freebase.com/m/04zlp4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position does athirson mazolli e oliveira play in football
www.freebase.com/m/044trz	www.freebase.com/user/szaijan/fantasy_football/player/position	www.freebase.com/m/01r3hr	What position did ahman green play
www.freebase.com/m/0b__k5r	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which star does 6907 harryford orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0347xg9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which european country is dubz from de higher regionz released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fllz8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	Where is Julien MacDonald from?
www.freebase.com/m/02773n3	www.freebase.com/government/government_agency/jurisdiction	www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	what is oregon department of forestry's jurisdiction
www.freebase.com/m/046lph	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/07cc8	what is manchester black's superpower
www.freebase.com/m/09g8q4w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was killing spree filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqx0j	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what color does a metolazone 2.5 tablet come in
www.freebase.com/m/02k6hp	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0kb3n	who died because of cardiovascular disease
www.freebase.com/m/09fmcs	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is a color of gamma alpha omega
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crscgv	which movie is classified as a thriller on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/07krys	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/043l_bz	who founded the international aids vaccine initiative
www.freebase.com/m/02vr0fm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	what genre of film is tortilla heaven
www.freebase.com/m/01915h	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did slc punk! originate from
www.freebase.com/m/03wgq2m	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	What genre of book is john halifax, gentleman
www.freebase.com/m/037_h_w	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the release format of sweet noodle pop
www.freebase.com/m/0260rwf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0b1qjx	Who is the director of the tv series the origin of species?
www.freebase.com/m/0nbsn60	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/07tmz3	Who is kathleen slater's child
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbqgf9	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/0247kg	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0mc4p	who is meritaten's parents 
www.freebase.com/m/09x5b0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bkbm	What sort of movie is the wrecking crew
www.freebase.com/m/01m3g9p	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03y8xd	who put out an album called gold
www.freebase.com/m/02_j8x	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/08v032	What are characters created by matt lucas
www.freebase.com/m/0121fw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01sqd7	who is the label company for the artist abe cunningham?
www.freebase.com/m/07810b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lxwjf	what albums has meco made
www.freebase.com/m/0g91mfk	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is milk?
www.freebase.com/m/0ghrxr3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What film genre is murder: by reason of insanity
www.freebase.com/m/0lxw0m7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fh8dx	What album is little red rooster from 
www.freebase.com/m/0rtwf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	what time zone is skidaway island, georgia in right now
www.freebase.com/m/0wrcdps	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qc7l	where did charles cleveland pass away
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04szhz	name an india film genre
www.freebase.com/m/03y7cyd	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what belt does  2295 matusovskij belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0k05vrz	Who's a television producer born in irving
www.freebase.com/m/0175713	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n3jcc	Who is the artist who composed big
www.freebase.com/m/0dn48x4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rq_lb	who recorded o sole mio
www.freebase.com/m/0599rp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	What genre of film is heaven & earth
www.freebase.com/m/04j23kj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	captain apache is what type of film
www.freebase.com/m/06456q	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/soundtracks	www.freebase.com/m/01l18y1	which soundtrack is in the videogame 50 cent: bulletproof
www.freebase.com/m/02rpvcp	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0j8zv	What entity was involved in the battle of teba?
www.freebase.com/m/0krzhw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0h3bn	WHat killed sadao yamanaka
www.freebase.com/m/0d0nwvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the film world sex tour 5?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jmr2x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0zpjhjn	Which release was santa claus is coming to town off of
www.freebase.com/m/027996b	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	ivan jeviƒá is a Serbian footballer playing in which position?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03h1dyj	What is a fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5n8xz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is tootsie
www.freebase.com/m/01ylt7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is swingers located in?
www.freebase.com/m/076t8k	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0d23k	what city does krcw-tv  broadcast to
www.freebase.com/m/09kpvv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	what subset of rock does erik brann play
www.freebase.com/m/0fhh5_3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was the best of bbc tvs themes released?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8s19	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre of book is the siren song?
www.freebase.com/m/05f7w84	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	kid vs. kat is a tv program in what language
www.freebase.com/m/01vv266	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/018jmn	where is miyabi natsuyaki from
www.freebase.com/m/01gm69	www.freebase.com/business/product_line/themes	www.freebase.com/m/017h86	what was the theme of the product line called g.i. joe
www.freebase.com/m/04n4j5_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre of film is ram-avtar
www.freebase.com/m/0d2j_6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	who developed phoenix wright: ace attorney: justice for all 
www.freebase.com/m/095fqf	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/035_kw	who was the cinematographer for the film peter robertson 
www.freebase.com/m/0g546s5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmmy0f	what are some of the track produced by afrojack?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvzf84	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0197k5l	what track is from the best of?
www.freebase.com/m/0whdlm2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012lfr	what was creedence clearwater revival's self titled album
www.freebase.com/m/079rgz9	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/079rgzf	What version is the game 1984 
www.freebase.com/m/0b88fv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does vicente biurrun play in football
www.freebase.com/m/01sy5c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	where is lon chaney, sr. buried
www.freebase.com/m/0_gb2pb	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/03qkxgm	which movie is edited by scarlet pimpernel
www.freebase.com/m/07mm2x0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	what is tyrese?
www.freebase.com/m/0fkbh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0byh8j	where is kozhikode located? 
www.freebase.com/m/04b3hy7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What area is Green Grove located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc0f7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0df4y	where was actor lin lin li born in
www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05sykm6	Name an american football player
www.freebase.com/m/0281dr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jfjfk	what is an album by the miracles
www.freebase.com/m/03qqvdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04510	Who is a gothic artist?
www.freebase.com/m/047vnfs	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/055lhs	Who is a notable manager
www.freebase.com/m/0xgnk15	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is the classic trumpet concerti of haydn and hummel?
www.freebase.com/m/04knq3	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/park_system/member_parks	www.freebase.com/m/022rck	which parks are a part of the california department of parks and recreation
www.freebase.com/m/04vvlw	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wgg_7	what is one of the books written by zig ziglar
www.freebase.com/m/0lmb5	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lctm	what timezone governs the time in hawaii county, hawaii
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06rr4w5	What's an example of a baseball pitcher?
www.freebase.com/m/02p_ymz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is jerry jaxon
www.freebase.com/m/032_mhx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what area is scenes from a mirage from 
www.freebase.com/m/04vjfpv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/026rbx3	who was the author of the book vietnam inc.
www.freebase.com/m/038bg58	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was got you covered released?
www.freebase.com/m/04tzrfc	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/06jvd	who is the author of psycho 
www.freebase.com/m/02h9c_k	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/02_72x3	what is a consulting company?
www.freebase.com/m/010vnj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081yw	What state is wallula, washington in?
www.freebase.com/m/0grs5g	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0n2z	where did napoleon zervas die
www.freebase.com/m/026d5mm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country is the movie thalaimagan from
www.freebase.com/m/0ybbg53	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07ngc8	Which artist recorded harlow?
www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_origin/horses_from_this_location	www.freebase.com/m/03h36y8	What is the name of a horse from australia?
www.freebase.com/m/027vnwq	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	of what gender is the fictional character leonus
www.freebase.com/m/016dsl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is jim griffiths from
www.freebase.com/m/02r9l3k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what language is secret sunshine in
www.freebase.com/m/026mcch	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	what types of music is the maze
www.freebase.com/m/05_pzw	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0pcq__7	Shannon Lee was an executive producer for which film?
www.freebase.com/m/0b2h3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ddclpv	Name a person who was born in monterrey
www.freebase.com/m/0dt1tnf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is heavy metal associated with
www.freebase.com/m/04jcm4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02rg2k5	which albums were released by marduk (band)?
www.freebase.com/m/0fh24y	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/018cwm	What is ch√¢n kh√¥ng's area of activism
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsgh3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what type of drug is lip balm
www.freebase.com/m/04tt0h_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/07vv8q	Who was the author for garth of izar?
www.freebase.com/m/02qkqbg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/02bkvf	who is a video game designer of bright side of the moon 
www.freebase.com/m/0c49sws	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	what is jean-jacques rousseau 
www.freebase.com/m/0573j7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/09pm5x	Who founded dbt online inc.
www.freebase.com/m/03f_kbc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type of album is the complete live at the village vanguard 1961
www.freebase.com/m/01cqss	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0tv81	austin lane crothers died in this city and state.
www.freebase.com/m/0ggn3d	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which football position does tiko as?
www.freebase.com/m/01lknfz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mvnds	what are some songs by patricia barber?
www.freebase.com/m/0zcpt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03p5ns	where was james soong born 
www.freebase.com/m/0245q67	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03306h8	What release can the recording viola be found on?
www.freebase.com/m/06gzx6	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/07dt_3	Who is Hanif Mohammad's son?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs8d	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/01dbjh	Which film was directed by elia kazan
www.freebase.com/m/09ny1w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was cement filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/04yf7tq	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02sgy	Which instrument did muddy manninen play in the band
www.freebase.com/m/0275m7c	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/024pcx	What was an entity involved in the action at happrew
www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/026np_q	what is the name of an arch dam built in Turkey in 1984
www.freebase.com/m/0dwgqvx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What medium was the german years 1977-1999 released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0frzksk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f4k	Which artist made gershwin - the platinum collection
www.freebase.com/m/0gdwr5n	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is mina canta sinatra
www.freebase.com/m/04635p1	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/0qd3m	which city does the nunapitchuk airport serve 
www.freebase.com/m/0288k82	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03kw8k	who produced mae day: the crumbling of a documentary
www.freebase.com/m/06_hjs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does henry n. cobb identify as 
www.freebase.com/m/07tp2	www.freebase.com/sports/sport_country/multi_event_tournaments_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/01_z6_	what event tournament did uganda participate in
www.freebase.com/m/04fzpr1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	where did silver jet get its start
www.freebase.com/m/0mryv0x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0ft3dzv	which recording has the track lion
www.freebase.com/m/0cn_zd5	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	what armed for does the 192nd ohio infantry belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03y00k0	Who is the goalkeeper for the Bo'ness United football team?
www.freebase.com/m/03g2ncq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album doctor who: terror of the zygons
www.freebase.com/m/02qc102	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	What is danny hoffman's job
www.freebase.com/m/03g3sp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	is invasion of the bee girls a thriller (genre) or mystery
www.freebase.com/m/013c1nj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0149k5	what artists are under holy spirit?
www.freebase.com/m/01b9ck	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03c8t58	which film did darryl f. zanuck produce
www.freebase.com/m/0stn13	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fhtr1h	what is a release of the recording montana?
www.freebase.com/m/05f4wqf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0740gt	What genre is the tv program the kingdom of the winds
www.freebase.com/m/099nnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is ataraxia from
www.freebase.com/m/027bx7p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where was louis fratto born
www.freebase.com/m/012vtp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03m9lcj	Whose profession is that of an oboist?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmkc2j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f0qd7	who made tonight (i'm lovin' you) 
www.freebase.com/m/0188fy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01m264g	What is the name of an album by leo delibes?
www.freebase.com/m/0gpt01	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	What type of institution is fremont-elizabeth city high school
www.freebase.com/m/01tw7q	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/organization_type	www.freebase.com/m/097zh	What type of organization is heritage foundation?
www.freebase.com/m/0t9z0	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone does sylvia belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05pb6hv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is christian edward elder from 
www.freebase.com/m/0dwcw6g	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m6rvk	what song is on the release taxi
www.freebase.com/m/01pvj8	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/0kyqg6_	What's a game on ti-99
www.freebase.com/m/04j25w0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what netflix genre is 1918?
www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0tmvp	what's a town in louisiana whose name starts with an n
www.freebase.com/m/0ch05k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is lia roberts known as
www.freebase.com/m/03p84m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03vh3c	Where was hedy fry born? 
www.freebase.com/m/0kdzn4k	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what position in football does chad kilgore play
www.freebase.com/m/0m3cj	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/07vvfm3	what is the parent disease of benign prostatic hyperplasia
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0bs32f7	What is the name of a asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/04099wh	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	What genre is centurion
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b03wf	what mobile home is located in  united states
www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q86ps	Who is an artist that is signed to the record label universal music group
www.freebase.com/m/02yx0x	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xxxtp	what type of label is captain (association football)?
www.freebase.com/m/0661q5c	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0bwj49p	which films were produced by cbs films?
www.freebase.com/m/044bnw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is g√∂ran h√§gglund's profession
www.freebase.com/m/033pd0j	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/015j9sr	what is a song from the exotic beatles, part ii
www.freebase.com/m/0ndck5t	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language was furueru shita in
www.freebase.com/m/03027x	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_jh058	What were some lyrics that were written by amy ray
www.freebase.com/m/0fhmy	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05c0mnp	Who was born in innsbruck?
www.freebase.com/m/02x28nx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/010gj3	where was  joseph w. mcmurrin born
www.freebase.com/m/02h664x	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0jwydj2	which basketball player is from bulgaria
www.freebase.com/m/03nfmq	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8hnv	what is a book about architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/07gxs2	www.freebase.com/base/eventparticipants/participated_event/notable_participants	www.freebase.com/m/01_kcg	who is a notable participant of 2nd world science fiction convention
www.freebase.com/m/027lz88	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vgkd	What is evil bong classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0525917	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/02h5fq7	What is a youth worker a specialization of
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02602sx	which pitcher died of a car accident?
www.freebase.com/m/05dttv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	in which country was the leader, his driver and the drivers wife filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0w45f4d	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0719jq	Name a child of noa mohlabane
www.freebase.com/m/0h3n8wp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the client list in
www.freebase.com/m/01q5yp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nationality is allen newell
www.freebase.com/m/0f__1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bh3mx	who was born in louisville
www.freebase.com/m/0bhc5kw	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jtg51	who produced conan the barbarian
www.freebase.com/m/0trfc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nm6k	Where is lee located?
www.freebase.com/m/03yhdj8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	Which type of asteroid group is 13268 trevorcorbin present in
www.freebase.com/m/0bwklv0	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hmvwsr	who directed harlow
www.freebase.com/m/02rmt5d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013yq	where was carter mull born
www.freebase.com/m/06brld	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02wtdps	what type of movie is rififi
www.freebase.com/m/0797ft	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of jim lash?
www.freebase.com/m/0pkyh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kq830	What's an album recorded by robert plant
www.freebase.com/m/05jp96	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw2x	what industry is haemonetics in 
www.freebase.com/m/01127y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is fern in
www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0gyvfcz	what artist performs experimental rock?
www.freebase.com/m/03m5xmp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	why did wu jin die
www.freebase.com/m/01hp8m0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	which music genre is slowhand
www.freebase.com/m/05jmt8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	what kind of video game is americas army: rise of a soldier
www.freebase.com/m/0dvz08f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dvz08z	which track released the never years
www.freebase.com/m/02qwkl4	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what american football position does antwan barnes play
www.freebase.com/m/04_6w6	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02_37z	what is the timezone of kentucky kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/04jspq	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0j6b5	What is the name of a film that was produced by john lasseter
www.freebase.com/m/0rcx84	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/038pjsy	What album features the track south carolina
www.freebase.com/m/05f0qk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does matt gallant do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/048cl	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/042wh	Who was an influence on karl marx?
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f6nk8	what towns are located in india?
www.freebase.com/m/024rgt	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/07bwjk	What is a film that was produced under the new line cinema production company?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkhst6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0wkwmq6	which artist recorded david?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pdp8	What is a film in the musical film genre
www.freebase.com/m/03c9jlh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	What type of work is bobby cattage famous for
www.freebase.com/m/04tqtpj	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01b_k6	Name an author on the book edition peekskill usa
www.freebase.com/m/0ts4m5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/038wvrl	what is a release on the recording panama
www.freebase.com/m/0153k6	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/07cg3ts	What was anna karenina adapted into?
www.freebase.com/m/03bgr4y	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01khr_j	what album contains the track paris
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c13ty	Name a city located in the united states.
www.freebase.com/m/07kcv27	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/019kn7	what ethnicity is megumi makihara
www.freebase.com/m/02xh1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0g9y7q0	what is a film noir on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0fx02w	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/09ymx4	who is the publisher of fighting force 64
www.freebase.com/m/03y16tq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	8397 chiakitanaka is a part of what asteroid group?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz9x_w	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	what is yvonne thornton's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/0fpjczn	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0r3w2yt	which lyrics did bobby byrd write
www.freebase.com/m/08mlhj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01wjkb	where did nishiwaki junzaburo die
www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0br_391	what is the name of someone born in denver, colorado
www.freebase.com/m/026z9lj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f04v	Where did derek hall pass away
www.freebase.com/m/02hmkpk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0205_k	who was the developer of chiral
www.freebase.com/m/01msfzr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of dj-kicks: rockers hi-fi
www.freebase.com/m/01pq3c	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02t8gf	what musical genre is the album  the golden age of grotesque
www.freebase.com/m/0g2tqbf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01207ws	what track is from the release titled  armageddon: the album
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/05h33t_	List a japanese animation series
www.freebase.com/m/03rz2b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what is the genre of monsoon wedding
www.freebase.com/m/05mt0xy	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/030t8s	Who created the fictional character carlie cooper
www.freebase.com/m/0g1j01	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/color	www.freebase.com/m/03pcnt	What color of horse is george washington
www.freebase.com/m/066wd	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0262fq3	what game is about professional wrestling?
www.freebase.com/m/0ksc72	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0l9qsc8	Name a tv program created by eric kripke
www.freebase.com/m/0_lxyxg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where was kerstin stutterheim born?
www.freebase.com/m/0h51_h7	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04gkq_m	What is an entity of 2011 delhi bombing?
www.freebase.com/m/0nfkkcg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	what is kelly li's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0gx_0g1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7lkt	What kind of character is diamond
www.freebase.com/m/02qkbzr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0h3tv	Where was vicente martinez ybor born
www.freebase.com/m/0crv_gy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is cellabration: a tribute to ella jenkins: live! filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/08nmm9	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/01c22t	which pixar film did jonathan roberts write
www.freebase.com/m/0b_myr9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0165v	what is anthony r. stabley's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02w90n1	who was born in canada?
www.freebase.com/m/033ryzx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0__z10	what is a song from plays michael jackson black or white
www.freebase.com/m/0x1s6wv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is warfare
www.freebase.com/m/07t33wh	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/025_t9k	9 appears in the topic gallery of what photographer?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bsg_h	what book is a fantasy book?
www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0597vy	what asteroid was discovered at the palomar observatory
www.freebase.com/m/0fq95gc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language is spoken in fr√ºhlingslied
www.freebase.com/m/0cl87q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is angel g. lu√©vano?
www.freebase.com/m/049fzgl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	What type of electronic music does il genio play
www.freebase.com/m/0gclr1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	which city was marco marinangeli born in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs0xk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/01_y8	what is used to formulate carbamazepine 200 extended release tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0bj79kw	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0fqb3ch	at which film festival was aurora shown 
www.freebase.com/m/021m4p_	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/chromosome	www.freebase.com/m/099xng	which chromosome does arginase, type ii effect 
www.freebase.com/m/03260h6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rnqsj	what track came from the release  aguas da amazonia
www.freebase.com/m/052lpr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language was the age of reason originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/0kz16b0	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/051pnv	who published enemy territory: quake wars?
www.freebase.com/m/01wy35	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/predecessor	www.freebase.com/m/01t9mr	What was the predecessor of the saab 9-5
www.freebase.com/m/0g61rw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	which state was joan houlihan born
www.freebase.com/m/06zmdyn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	Which language is the film non son degno di te in
www.freebase.com/m/09v3mgn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What's the dominant language in the dirty dozen: the deadly mission
www.freebase.com/m/0crrpvz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	which netflix genre does into thin air affiliate with
www.freebase.com/m/07p160	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0b7l4x	which film was written by joe carnahan 
www.freebase.com/m/0_j5qhp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01q69gz	who was the composer for north hollywood
www.freebase.com/m/09fv0m	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What country is kasautii zindagii kay broadcast to
www.freebase.com/m/0nn5h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/013d5q	laurel county contains what area?
www.freebase.com/m/026n54k	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0124d8	where does 96.3 real radio xs reach 
www.freebase.com/m/09lrjv	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	nguy·ªÖn vƒÉn ki·ªát received the navy cross for what war?
www.freebase.com/m/0279hqq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is clarence m. condon originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/04wfsw9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre does the book love bites belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05fmmw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Is 1979 (song) a song or an album
www.freebase.com/m/017jd9	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02hg8v	who produced the lord of the rings: the return of the king
www.freebase.com/m/05b1vht	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used in harriet said...
www.freebase.com/m/064v08	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	What language family is rotuman language grouped with?
www.freebase.com/m/09cmhl	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xq0sy	what book is published by eric jerome dickey?
www.freebase.com/m/01_j_n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/021y8yh	Name an astronaut.
www.freebase.com/m/0gxm80r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of movie is payload
www.freebase.com/m/0gvtw7h	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what type of album is small town dead
www.freebase.com/m/09jyrd6	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/019vhk	which film was directed by maria-teresa barbasso
www.freebase.com/m/0rggmf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01scm0	who recorded kurt cobain
www.freebase.com/m/0fqd8f5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07lnk	what types of music is played by mad max
www.freebase.com/m/0442cc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of book is the scarab murder case
www.freebase.com/m/0fdd9y	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/04j1tr4	which film was todd hunter a music contributor 
www.freebase.com/m/02w0fs1	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does mitch talbot play?
www.freebase.com/m/02pmt46	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/04f_d	where is the neighborhoood hickman hills located
www.freebase.com/m/0b73ntr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language do the characters use in marie galante
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qfn62	what book is considered a speculative fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/01g0hj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what musical form is the composition angel of death?
www.freebase.com/m/093fbq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/026ft3	Which valley is schuylkill located in
www.freebase.com/m/068__1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	in which country was the night of the generals filmed
www.freebase.com/m/02jg92	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01wsj0	What label signed the artist gregg allman
www.freebase.com/m/0hhr9cg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	What kind of music is barbie world: the mixtape
www.freebase.com/m/03ns9r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02fnjr	where did  vasily polenov die
www.freebase.com/m/04666z7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	what city was kurt st√∂pel born in
www.freebase.com/m/04t12qb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0205rh	who wrote the rich girl
www.freebase.com/m/09gqrp	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/09ftwr	who produced stay hungry
www.freebase.com/m/064nwhz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01d88c	Which middle eastern city was ajaz khan born in
www.freebase.com/m/0cc7qm5	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/ride_type	www.freebase.com/m/010l12	What type of ride is the swamp fox
www.freebase.com/m/0hzcd5n	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area_type/subdivides_place	www.freebase.com/m/0166b	which city is in bosnian county
www.freebase.com/m/0ds94ly	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fztc6	what genre is irandu mugam in
www.freebase.com/m/02hlsgy	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03ffs	What platform was 1942 made for?
www.freebase.com/m/0_s48jx	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_coach/sports_coached	www.freebase.com/m/0z74	which sport did mark cross coach
www.freebase.com/m/0rpprbt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of christopher oreilly
www.freebase.com/m/0crwd7p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country filmed all the sins of sodom
www.freebase.com/m/03hbbc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/040j4qf	what is a video game developed by tecmo
www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h5qlsw	Who is an actor born in hollywood
www.freebase.com/m/02hm28t	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02pfymy	Who developed mobile suit gundam: crossfire?
www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/05p1x5l	what is a fighting game game by Konami Computer Entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqln2f	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  advil pm 25/200 liquid filled capsule in
www.freebase.com/m/038bbkr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0160jc5	what is the release track on everybody needs dance music sometimes 
www.freebase.com/m/01mwn_q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mwnsp	what is an album by bally sagoo
www.freebase.com/m/036d_72	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was the serpent and the rainbow released?
www.freebase.com/m/0pcfjxq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	What language is aruvadai naal in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwv_52	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	what format is fractal philosophy 
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0k3m4rz	who is an actor?
www.freebase.com/m/0b3cqk	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03x3gz	where was the battle of lake george located?
www.freebase.com/m/08qnjx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hwxm	What kind of book is julian?
www.freebase.com/m/05b0r2h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Which city did aimar-charles-marie de nicola√Ø die in?
www.freebase.com/m/019389	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_jqmw8	What's a song that billy corgan wrote lyrics for
www.freebase.com/m/0pv2t5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0myk5ts	What track was released on the recording gang bang
www.freebase.com/m/0lxhl0y	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fgjkk	which release contains the track get a job?
www.freebase.com/m/0_4d1cx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01snm	which us city is kroger building in 
www.freebase.com/m/07_mmm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is vulgar
www.freebase.com/m/0jhwd	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/024rmc	What is an event that occurred at the metropolitan manila
www.freebase.com/m/05b2spd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is bernd hollerbach from
www.freebase.com/m/0cnzxgf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	What type of music genre is Boi Akih?
www.freebase.com/m/027bzbt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	what music genre is dorothy at forty
www.freebase.com/m/0p_rx	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/04k96y	Who did william hogarth influence
www.freebase.com/m/0p9pl	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04v048	who directed doctor dolittle
www.freebase.com/m/01wz16j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is rickybellakaslick from
www.freebase.com/m/0lyyg88	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01t7hg	where was odette warder born 
www.freebase.com/m/0fvz_bc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/080bc1n	Who was the producer of murder?
www.freebase.com/m/05n_crt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07mgr	what italian city was the place of birth of prince maurice of savoy
www.freebase.com/m/05b0f7	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0vptyhb	What is an artist associated with emi music japan?
www.freebase.com/m/0zpxwjh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03w965k	who was the lyricist for students carve hearts out of coal
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09gjd3h	who is an electronic music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0972s	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wb6l6	What book illustrates strong mysticism?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmzvz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	What genre is undercover?
www.freebase.com/m/027qfd_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What country was leopold i, prince of lippe from?
www.freebase.com/m/04gr35	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05hmld	Who was daniel lawrence whitney inlfuenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/051bm_3	which books on mathematics were written by kenneth d forbus?
www.freebase.com/m/01syjy	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t299h	What was a work written by fred saberhagen
www.freebase.com/m/0414hjz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzy	what city did gustav lechner die in
www.freebase.com/m/066823	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/066823	what is the campus associated with wentworth institute of technology
www.freebase.com/m/04j1qy8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country is princess minerva filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01q_z_	Name a university in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0crycmv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	which european language is charlotte church: live from jerusalem?
www.freebase.com/m/03h1q_y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xh1	what genre is appointment with danger?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4qvq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07hpn	What is the subject that is addressed by the book las cartas privadas de jesus
www.freebase.com/m/0dkbq02	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01pxyy	what kind of film was  pink puncher vol.88
www.freebase.com/m/04trf38	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what is the binding on the living dead (spooksville no. 21)
www.freebase.com/m/01hhdzf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release wasmonty python's life of brian
www.freebase.com/m/0qpsg2g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language is spoken in  the cat that lived a million times
www.freebase.com/m/0ljjzwh	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037j6hk	what release is from the track as good as it gets?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0hhpjsk	Name a forward that plays for the Zambian soccer team
www.freebase.com/m/01w7txv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04j5jl	What is the grouch's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04dznt7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country was bomber harris flimed in 
www.freebase.com/m/09plc	www.freebase.com/people/family/members	www.freebase.com/m/0q9jx	Who is a member of the house of wittelsbach?
www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/03y3v8_	What was a discovery that was made at la silla observatory
www.freebase.com/m/0m2gsm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/05cnt3	Who produced success?
www.freebase.com/m/093vbh	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what king of educational institution is feather river college
www.freebase.com/m/0tw82f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/023p29	Who is the producer from the recording scar tissue
www.freebase.com/m/037dsrb	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is plut√¥t guitare a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/01t0nk	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljxh	what does bangladesh nationalist party identify as
www.freebase.com/m/063yn1c	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/02jfc	Which sector is oaksterdam university?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4xcrs	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What is the country of origin for the film hanzo the razor: sword of justice?
www.freebase.com/m/099009	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06l9b	what type of game is realmz
www.freebase.com/m/0h2zvzr	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/07s5ms	This British Indian musician contributed the music for the film midnights children.
www.freebase.com/m/0910v3	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/more_general_ingredient	www.freebase.com/m/015zfk	what is green food coloring in general
www.freebase.com/m/03qlj6f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what music is paul grabowsky known for?
www.freebase.com/m/07ndr3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqgtp1	what drug does mylan laboratories inc. manufacture
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/08ny_m3	what is a film in the romance film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0rh2bh5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0rh2bfn	which record is part of czechoslovakia
www.freebase.com/m/0fm6fr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which northern country was osborne colson born in?
www.freebase.com/m/05f9_yk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/019fh	where was john caslione born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggwzs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jbrr	where in california was jeff robinson born
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjdw5	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what is the shape of the covera-hs 240 extended release tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0k3lj_y	www.freebase.com/government/government_position_held/office_position_or_title	www.freebase.com/m/02_bcst	what government position does mark takano hold
www.freebase.com/m/01r3097	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What is the content type of the album pause?
www.freebase.com/m/0byb_x	www.freebase.com/award/competition_type/competitions_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/06gt6df	What is a season of a talent show
www.freebase.com/m/0f_trp	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	what baseball position does dave revering play
www.freebase.com/m/0gg7hvd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	100% senorita is a television show in what language?
www.freebase.com/m/026x0_c	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what is the second level division of envira?
www.freebase.com/m/093shy	www.freebase.com/geography/lake_type/lakes_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/01v2bx	Name a reservoir located in on the Colorado River 
www.freebase.com/m/09vx1qz	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/019n_t	Which label released yellow submarine?
www.freebase.com/m/0tr_8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050ks	where is embden, maine loacted
www.freebase.com/m/0qm6fhh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is ben moses's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/08rch9	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what types of school is marion-franklin high school
www.freebase.com/m/0q20h4g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	is soongava: dance of the orchids a romance film or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/05mqsn7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of film is rei rei
www.freebase.com/m/0zjcll1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the name of the language that weather storm is in
www.freebase.com/m/0qfthf4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what sort of music is on ride
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fr83hv	what is a compilation album 
www.freebase.com/m/0j62f20	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0qb62	Where was the first rebellion in shouchun
www.freebase.com/m/0by0cb2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the music form of street of dreams
www.freebase.com/m/0653m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0dckvs	This film falls under the mandarin chinese netflix genre.
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0506r1	what album is classified as electronic music
www.freebase.com/m/01g6lq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0c_zx	which places is √Öbo akademi university located in?
www.freebase.com/m/01j65x	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/04dgj4	who was lethal weapon edited by
www.freebase.com/m/03m9q7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/04rx_g	who is philipp daniel merckle's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/02r8_h7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did reiko sato die?
www.freebase.com/m/07h66d	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/076xvv6	what film did pete dexter assist in the writing of
www.freebase.com/m/0dlk1mb	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01gzp2	where did the japanese occupation of attu take place 
www.freebase.com/m/01sb5r	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0jsjjj5	what composition did joe walsh compose 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6w136	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Whats maybe someday 
www.freebase.com/m/01ksxcg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0nk3g	which genre is the album 2nd time around in
www.freebase.com/m/03mbft6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where can (9926) 1981 eu41 be found 
www.freebase.com/m/06wcf3q	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0d7k5	who was jacques dr√®ze influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/0np8cxy	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is 2006-09-13: bern arena, bern, switzerland
www.freebase.com/m/01lyqgd	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zxzgb7	Name a composition by laura nyro
www.freebase.com/m/0nlc933	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wm3tg	which artist recorded wang dang doodle
www.freebase.com/m/05c34vy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0b2lw	where in the united states did charles n. orr die?
www.freebase.com/m/08yc27	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0ds1kst	which songs did carlene carter help compose?
www.freebase.com/m/01jj0q5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was ses plus grands succ√®s released as?
www.freebase.com/m/0m61	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/069ycr	Which film is antisemitism?
www.freebase.com/m/074r27	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	What netflix genre is cross of fire in
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/04g2fx8	What main belt asteroid was discovered on February 19, 1980?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_w3n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0dcncy	what label is michael harris on
www.freebase.com/m/0ggbw47	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/05br10	Who did the cinematography for the film the monitors?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/07xg7s	Name a flamenco influenced album
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/0h4x4b	What is a radio station that plays country?
www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bmb9w0	What is the name of a post-hardcore album
www.freebase.com/m/05kljxz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03tmb	What type of computer videogame is heroines mantle?
www.freebase.com/m/0fpmrlv	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/09dw9zr	who did the cinematography for the film like crazy
www.freebase.com/m/0mn7mxf	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0z9f10	what is a release track from bad
www.freebase.com/m/0d55dh	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what is the school type of linden-mckinley high school
www.freebase.com/m/027lk0n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07g0_	where was wim deetman born
www.freebase.com/m/027_ryf	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	What kind of work does the royal bank of scotland do
www.freebase.com/m/016sp_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kh84h	What album is by the artist Dwight Yoakam?
www.freebase.com/m/01n0lff	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04ls53	which musician recorded lost
www.freebase.com/m/09r3c9	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0165v	which country is the revolutionary workers' party from
www.freebase.com/m/023kn45	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the content type of the album serge gainsbourg?
www.freebase.com/m/047tsx3	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0js_bw	who produced the notebook
www.freebase.com/m/02rd1hf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	where is Europe is b√©lav√°r found 
www.freebase.com/m/0h3w50f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is franklin hansen?
www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jh_7w	what is a type of grunge album?
www.freebase.com/m/09g7bs5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nzl9_	who is alex goude
www.freebase.com/m/03d3hyr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what genre does scotched in scotland fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0175rw	www.freebase.com/medicine/risk_factor/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/01hrbm	what illness can develop as a consequence of congenital rubella syndrome
www.freebase.com/m/0crw3n9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what type of film is marc almond: a lover spurned?
www.freebase.com/m/03g22jk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was 2001 released 
www.freebase.com/m/0j63z04	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is el madina?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03yky0h	whats an asteroid in a solar system
www.freebase.com/m/01jdbs_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f0fnk	who is the artist that created animal serenade
www.freebase.com/m/0dc9q5	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zl2f6n	What's a composition from ed cobb
www.freebase.com/m/0glq4l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01smm	WHere is ohio school for the deaf located
www.freebase.com/m/05vkft	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0538fh5	Who did the film art direction for frankie and johnny?
www.freebase.com/m/04f5t1v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	in what state is the whittenton fire and police station 
www.freebase.com/m/01khgb1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is country life
www.freebase.com/m/0fxc61n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0233g3	which artist recorded san francisco
www.freebase.com/m/07cf4xx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of the crusader
www.freebase.com/m/0dytvf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is the profession of charlie moore?
www.freebase.com/m/0276_8	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w51xl	which fiction novel did mary balogh write?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0y9qg54	what is a studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/06rfggt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	What subject is the written work The Littlest Leaguer?
www.freebase.com/m/0dkqpl	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what instrument does kai eckhardt play
www.freebase.com/m/02hwhtb	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	is eruwa considered a language or pidgin?
www.freebase.com/m/0361p2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jim gilmore's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01m6jp2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0621cs	What kind of music is don't worry about me?
www.freebase.com/m/03qpf2l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is slightly dangerous filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/03ygfqh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What kind of celestial object is 4625 shchedrin?
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w88lc	what's a good example of a mystery
www.freebase.com/m/0w5x7l0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	what did ike azotam  for a living
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2r70	what are some fantasy titles on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/031j222	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0y8gs6	What is a track from the release song to fly
www.freebase.com/m/08s0yj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what kind of video game is willow
www.freebase.com/m/03jg3s6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is 3614 jackson highway?
www.freebase.com/m/02qrgkn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06jnv	what is the nationality of andrew pattison?
www.freebase.com/m/09rxhvw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is griffin anthony associated with
www.freebase.com/m/03c_175	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t265	who in the world directed luke, patient provider
www.freebase.com/m/0qbb8zk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/053yx	Who recorded the track summertime
www.freebase.com/m/01www19	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	what kind of music do the tinydancers perform
www.freebase.com/m/01g2kl2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is type of album is four piano blues
www.freebase.com/m/04zy065	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02dn30	what language is spoken in ganga?
www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/06zhdl	What is a composition by paul mccartney?
www.freebase.com/m/01q2c4c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	Where is the origin of kishori amonkar
www.freebase.com/m/069bdw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/020m3n	who is an artist that released an album called the wayward sons of mother earth
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs52kk	What is the name of a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/0h6kt27	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What genre is vroom?
www.freebase.com/m/06sv5r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	what was the cause of ludovic kennedy's death
www.freebase.com/m/0dp6_ty	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of the firm?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkr32_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_jk4_w	good night is a recording of what song?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1bq8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what languages is koi mere dil mein hai available in
www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/04qsnb	which fictional character is a scientist?
www.freebase.com/m/0n54mcg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09pxc	where in italy was maurizio prollo born
www.freebase.com/m/0k7g772	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what's jonathan vanger's biological gender
www.freebase.com/m/04cxtks	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does yevgeni kharlachyov play
www.freebase.com/m/031snv	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/02hvrvj	What type of aircraft is hawker hart?
www.freebase.com/m/0292d3	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/03tp4	what is avian influenza
www.freebase.com/m/0mnk7	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/02xkkj4	what is a postal code in lynchburg, virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/06q5t7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05ty4m	which actor influenced jason segel
www.freebase.com/m/02275k	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02fhgl	Who is the founder of westminster theological seminary?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ktzdq	What is Smokie's compilation album called?
www.freebase.com/m/05__g4_	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0533_	who is the artist of on the balcony during carnival
www.freebase.com/m/01h6j84	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0140xf	what kind of music is in christmas remixed: holiday classics re-grooved
www.freebase.com/m/0l7bhfm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0350rbb	what album was titan on
www.freebase.com/m/0tmf6mm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mr4r1	which recored is part of tommys holiday camp
www.freebase.com/m/0bby23c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of maurice capovila?
www.freebase.com/m/030dtv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is the notable type of cahors
www.freebase.com/m/047yc	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/06jdd_	whats an administrative division of  kuwait
www.freebase.com/m/05h_c8	www.freebase.com/base/crime/type_of_criminal_organization/criminal_organizations_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/03tz17	What's an example of a prison gang
www.freebase.com/m/065xqz7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02ht3d	what's a subject or theme of nature noir: a park rangers patrol in the sierra
www.freebase.com/m/05zq2sm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what genre is the album act iii: life and death
www.freebase.com/m/08s2ft	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	whats paul cuffees race
www.freebase.com/m/0j3t_pr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is holden mobley from
www.freebase.com/m/07y4n4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/03vtbc	which color does felix varela high school have
www.freebase.com/m/09kpnm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what kind of show is bret maverick?
www.freebase.com/m/0p2gq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rdq5r	what athlete was born in cluj-napoca
www.freebase.com/m/09rmm_3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	is before dawn spoken in the german language or french
www.freebase.com/m/0m6_j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0t71sm	what is a track by the new york philharmonic
www.freebase.com/m/0xlhn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is willingboro township, new jersey known as 
www.freebase.com/m/0156q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/078806	who was born in berlin?
www.freebase.com/m/0nvdn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0491353	what is the name of a city in lasalle county
www.freebase.com/m/0y9q71l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0y9mppy	What track is represented by the recording dharma
www.freebase.com/m/0b_8bx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03r5g9	who signed orrin keepnews
www.freebase.com/m/0bf558	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What's pang qing's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/027m07y	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09rmngl	Who was the director for the film nevada?
www.freebase.com/m/02plp2	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hl2_g	What's a shooter available on xbox 360
www.freebase.com/m/0k3ncs4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was swandown filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0gcc8tz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is jonathan rands?
www.freebase.com/m/036fpxt	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was xtort released on
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01prl1s	What's a musical album?
www.freebase.com/m/03cpx0l	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the written work "flashing swords! 3: warriors and wizards"?
www.freebase.com/m/0488g9	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02pjl1p	which film did joseph barbera produce 
www.freebase.com/m/05f8nfw	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	What type of organism is a mystery giver?
www.freebase.com/m/01mvfr0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was d√§r jag √§r ere alltid b√§st released
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w738x	What is the name of a book that deals with history
www.freebase.com/m/043lf1j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what genre of film is everybodys doing it
www.freebase.com/m/06v265	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	what position does chuck dressen play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0hqk91b	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	What shape does the drug metoclopramide hydrochloride 5 tablet come in?
www.freebase.com/m/027ht0k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is on negro colleges in war time
www.freebase.com/m/0k_srk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	Name john cooper music genre
www.freebase.com/m/0scrn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is wenona a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04wc8pk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qjc	What was the book ladies of letters.com written about
www.freebase.com/m/04bmfn8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mw8q	where is the city arlington found
www.freebase.com/m/0fbxj_m	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	Which region was way beyond released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05qcj78	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04x56	Who authored silverheart?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnxw0h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02l840	who is the artist for good life
www.freebase.com/m/018vs6	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature_category/features	www.freebase.com/m/05ksm_	what's an example of an escarpment near kinver
www.freebase.com/m/0jmxb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/028840s	What's a fell in cumbria
www.freebase.com/m/05f5bzt	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02znwv	who directed kindred of the dust
www.freebase.com/m/01m2bt	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/071ydh	what is an english venture capital firm
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03bx05_	who is a country artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0xn1c0_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language is chiralia film
www.freebase.com/m/0ft1ywg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ptdv	which artist recorded fantasia\\": the sorcerer's apprentice?
www.freebase.com/m/03bk47p	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01pcypt	What album was africa released from
www.freebase.com/m/02dl80	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nmm_z	What is paula von preradoviƒá's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0fcbb6	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/079cl	what architectural style is the manhattan building in
www.freebase.com/m/012wsy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0bgm3n7	what is ernst zundel known for in entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/01htdy	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01r49t	What is a namesake of richard stockton (1730-1781)?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqwsvx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0lbt3	What is the active moiety in acetaminophen/doxylamine/phenylephrine
www.freebase.com/m/03y37ty	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system does 20856 hamzabari belong to
www.freebase.com/m/027g0rg	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/038csl	Which school district is huntington park high school located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6bvj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where was havana ginger born
www.freebase.com/m/0hzsrsh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of katherine nash rhoades
www.freebase.com/m/02x0c5f	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what kind of school was raymore‚Äìpeculiar high school 
www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07714y	what is the title in the netflix genre south korea
www.freebase.com/m/04bdlg	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0v9x907	Who is mako (actor)'s mother
www.freebase.com/m/01dzp3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was the language used in the program the wizard of odds
www.freebase.com/m/0df_b_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What genre is warmonger
www.freebase.com/m/06q6lc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/025txrl	who was the publisher of spyro: year of the dragon?
www.freebase.com/m/01p4nx_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	What genre of music is a garage dayz nite
www.freebase.com/m/04cy9r_	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/03w99hd	what films has barry e. jackson been a production designer for
www.freebase.com/m/075kw_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02_37z	what time zone is idlewild and soak zone in
www.freebase.com/m/0hrc7n1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where was Albert Dorfman born?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsm4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what is jean claude eug√®ne p√©clet's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01j4ls	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_64gvv	what songs did chris isaak write the lyrics for
www.freebase.com/m/0hqts36	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is cefazolin 1 injection?
www.freebase.com/m/0dv3ydy	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is orchestertreffen '93
www.freebase.com/m/05vth75	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country doe sjohn ordronaux have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nynwr	what is an electronic music album
www.freebase.com/m/0h2qd2s	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07_0qj	Who executive produced the last fall?
www.freebase.com/m/0s9gb91	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g850	Where was mar√≠a del puy born
www.freebase.com/m/05tjd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	is popeye a human or an alien
www.freebase.com/m/0860v5	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/018v5k	which part of the united states was affected by the 1821 norfolk and long island hurricane?
www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pw176	What's a hardcore punk album
www.freebase.com/m/0hg2_	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/0jpmt	what is a risk factor for myocardial ischemia?
www.freebase.com/m/0lz9s	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/0ystv26	what is an adaptation of nineteen eighty-four?
www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05b5nbq	Who is an artist of indie music?
www.freebase.com/m/0bdp4p2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02yhmz	Where was joey niceforo born?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcdz7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	which subject is perch hill written about
www.freebase.com/m/069424	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is paul g√©rin-lajoie
www.freebase.com/m/037sw4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/04kf6df	what is the active moiety of tacrine
www.freebase.com/m/05jnjz	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_driver/team	www.freebase.com/m/04jn3qt	Which team does scott riggs race for?
www.freebase.com/m/01w30q7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/021g3m	Where was ole olsen born?
www.freebase.com/m/09b69	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bff2t0	Name a netflix title from the eastern europe genre
www.freebase.com/m/0gl3xmf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country is first love filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0drdh7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What kind of fiction is primeval
www.freebase.com/m/0sg7p75	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	Which country did s√∏ren rode have nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03cj168	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is  1145 robelmonte category
www.freebase.com/m/05f93tw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what did joseph cuschieri make a career doing
www.freebase.com/m/0421nzv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	where is 10812 gr√∂tlingbo located 
www.freebase.com/m/039m5d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/053wkp	where is the orlando executive airport located
www.freebase.com/m/0bs7q_q	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	Which position in hockey did dylan reese play
www.freebase.com/m/01t265	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03d2dn1	what film did hal roach produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0_73v6d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/06p03s	Who was the composer from you know where to find me
www.freebase.com/m/04wgyww	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what is the subject of your family in focus?
www.freebase.com/m/023rxt	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/02cw00	what's a tourist attraction in kildare
www.freebase.com/m/0xncfxr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where in hungary was ferike vidor born
www.freebase.com/m/01mz8cz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is mujhe kuch kehna hai
www.freebase.com/m/0f8vmyw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f8vmr6	which release was the the recording panama on
www.freebase.com/m/0f95x13	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mhzd5s	what is a track from just squeeze me?
www.freebase.com/m/0dx3q7j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mklcmf	what is a song from vancouver
www.freebase.com/m/0fynq7p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f_1q3j	What is the release that recording dallas is a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/05b5zgv	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position is iv√°n nova charge of
www.freebase.com/m/0kysv6t	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/027lnzs	Which phone can one download and play the game bugdom 2
www.freebase.com/m/0rspq	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0j_1v	which county locates orange city, florida
www.freebase.com/m/09zh6m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is grendel (novel) written
www.freebase.com/m/05q6phk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was band of gold
www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02p2nn	what food can you eat on a vegetarian cuisine
www.freebase.com/m/0c1fm4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	Where was martin roth born
www.freebase.com/m/0kj7fm5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/01kcz9n	what train album is mississippi listed on 
www.freebase.com/m/0288n82	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What sort of rock does tem pra todo mundo perform
www.freebase.com/m/02m1kv	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/space_agency	www.freebase.com/m/05f4p	what is the space agency in which robert l. gibson works
www.freebase.com/m/012xs17	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pl79y	who is the singer of marriage
www.freebase.com/m/0l15fk	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01pt_jc	which female iranian-american plays the frame drum?
www.freebase.com/m/0lbj1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hqjbj	what's one of sting's albums?
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv6k5	What's a bollywood movie released in 1966
www.freebase.com/m/03y9hyq	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	whats a featured film location for the film i'm dancing as fast as i can
www.freebase.com/m/01hj42r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is biggest hits a compilation album or a soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/04v8cg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is maurice tempelsman from
www.freebase.com/m/07vtpt	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is rosemary hawley jarman's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd4v4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hf7l	where was eleonor magdalene of neuburg born
www.freebase.com/m/0ghsm7	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01nm6k	where did swatow operation take place
www.freebase.com/m/07k3v_j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What film genre is "Endless Night"?
www.freebase.com/m/0282_0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	what religion does p. chinnamma reddy practice
www.freebase.com/m/07b6v8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what is the game play mode of the video game dragon ball z: indainaru dragon ball densetsu?
www.freebase.com/m/03_f2hm	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was excess luggage released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc9z9v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01jbk6	which city did anna dostoyevskaya die
www.freebase.com/m/04wdf0x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02m_zy	who is the author of preparing web graphics
www.freebase.com/m/08g27g	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	Which position does gary majewski currently play?
www.freebase.com/m/04k374	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where in france did yves giraud-cabantous die
www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03p5pl	 what artist is on the mercury records label?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6fwkj	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/012t_z	what is aqeel karim dhedhi's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01vqdf	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/09drb	what is a tourist attraction in porthmadog
www.freebase.com/m/01tg4hv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender could marjan mozetich be
www.freebase.com/m/02wyyjf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	what is derek holloway most known for in sports?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3dfhl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	what country is lucas nine from
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0gzrt29	What is an example of a painting?
www.freebase.com/m/0lk8j	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/0bynt	what sport was played at the 1932 summer olympics 
www.freebase.com/m/06w4lr8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hj3l_y	what was the genre of the film gen-x cops
www.freebase.com/m/047bn6y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of film genre is young cassidy
www.freebase.com/m/01r8hn	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/01mz5z	what airport does piedmont airlines operate at?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_96j3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m3rgc3	what is a track from up all night
www.freebase.com/m/04yp5c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what is the genre of since otar left?
www.freebase.com/m/02rncwn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nation is deborah reber from
www.freebase.com/m/09fgb3	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	what subject is portrayed in animage
www.freebase.com/m/04dld6	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07jq_	what is the subject of the film the battle of algiers
www.freebase.com/m/025yvxs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hqb47	what is crimson avenger (lee travis)
www.freebase.com/m/0mt1wh1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fybzrn	what release was samsara from?
www.freebase.com/m/04gjff	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/045wy9	Where is ozurgeti located?
www.freebase.com/m/032kdwy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l0d3yk	What's a song on the track list for best of johnny crawford
www.freebase.com/m/035vf5	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01q6_m	what is the redback spider classified as?
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03j2lyr	Name a death metal artist.
www.freebase.com/m/040tm1	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	what diet does wakame follow?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh9m9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	What genre is the book "putting science in its place"?
www.freebase.com/m/09g9g7q	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What is the profession of ravi babu?
www.freebase.com/m/082h1d	www.freebase.com/broadcast/tv_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02_l39	what company owns kblr?
www.freebase.com/m/0_770ns	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What musical format was love's strange ways composed as
www.freebase.com/m/04klm3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	what kind of show is the harvey girls
www.freebase.com/m/0396q7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is gareth evans
www.freebase.com/m/09mksc	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03ffqv	Who authored punishment park
www.freebase.com/m/03061r8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kl39xb	what is a track list on the release the essential earth, wind & fire (disc 2)
www.freebase.com/m/0660cy7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	What style of artist is wave machines?
www.freebase.com/m/01kl_wp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre is the ragpickers dream apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/04gvf92	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09bpp6	What band has solace as their second album?
www.freebase.com/m/0lvj5wc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03b77l4	what release is you get what you give on?
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026_5nh	What is the name of a popular black-and-white fil,
www.freebase.com/m/0jt4r0h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0byb_x	what kind of show is  the voice van vlaanderen
www.freebase.com/m/03lpt4	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h96638	Which historical film did jordi savall provided music for?
www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0kynfbb	name a game that is a football  genre
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/06dm23	What is a location located in eastern daylight time
www.freebase.com/m/04b66mp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is bug hill in
www.freebase.com/m/01tj3z	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0gz7539	who is the parent of barbara bach
www.freebase.com/m/05_q4s	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0c_cz7	what game has been published by aminet
www.freebase.com/m/0gm9d1l	www.freebase.com/exhibitions/exhibition/exhibition_types	www.freebase.com/m/0490jd	what kind of exhibition is manet, the man who invented modernity?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0z4vf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in possessions
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h26vl2	what is a drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/0260snz	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bk0p	what genre of software is contactizer
www.freebase.com/m/0n66pdh	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is Kamil Pardo's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0gl0c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does cake make
www.freebase.com/m/01fsqzz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is next of kin?
www.freebase.com/m/0cb_xwh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0845b	where did bruno geiser die 
www.freebase.com/m/02wwgkv	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05tcm	what entity was involved in the battle of mount olympus
www.freebase.com/m/058nt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/03cgrks	whats the name of a marvel universe character
www.freebase.com/m/049tdzl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What type of music is recorded on anorexia
www.freebase.com/m/03shjz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	who is the record label for the artist pete atkin?
www.freebase.com/m/036q3m9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was 500% more man released in
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0g8n7c0	what character is male?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz8x8w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	Which artist made the original mono recordings
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026qyys	who plays as a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/017gr4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what does thomas holcroft do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/0crwxgf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	The film raja gopichand: gujarati is located where
www.freebase.com/m/02wv910	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/product/stage_of_development	www.freebase.com/m/049xhp3	which stage is produced by pegfilgrastim
www.freebase.com/m/0fvhdqp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vy3q7	What artist recorded free?
www.freebase.com/m/0zgx5_j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0kf9p	Where was cooper kupp born
www.freebase.com/m/01g35sn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Turn It Around is what type of work released by Maximumrocknroll?
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0170dw	Who is an artist of heavy metal?
www.freebase.com/m/020t44	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what north american country was  kyle gass born into
www.freebase.com/m/05c445f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what's the best way to describe karnaval
www.freebase.com/m/0cs1zf7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what netflix genre is the title chalu navra bholi bayako in
www.freebase.com/m/016ndm	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02pq87w	who was the founder for university of western ontario 
www.freebase.com/m/07srw	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is utah in
www.freebase.com/m/0mns1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0h04qj	what courthouse is located in hanover county
www.freebase.com/m/0l3gxtb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033_rjn	what album was monster released on
www.freebase.com/m/0k3ddrd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is the film  pardesi from
www.freebase.com/m/026y_z2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is sabato morais's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcx26	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04gb7	What is a subject of eirenarcha?
www.freebase.com/m/03xrdfj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the we have you surrounded album released
www.freebase.com/m/0fwh0t6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07tkz5	Who recorded four corners?
www.freebase.com/m/0344wjl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0v64bw	what track was released in tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/0749z0	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is mark ridley-thomas's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/04w0qdj	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01jlpl	who published mad ship (the liveship traders, book 2)
www.freebase.com/m/01cf5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	Which state is barnard college located in
www.freebase.com/m/01rgr	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/09fdm	Who influenced charles baudelaire
www.freebase.com/m/0kpys	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09bp8n	What neighborhood is located in Los Angeles County, California? 
www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fpjg6t	which post-hardcore albums were released in canada?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h60w7	What's a horror motion picture directed by philip cruz
www.freebase.com/m/0wz304f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of cha sun young
www.freebase.com/m/0k6w7l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country is bruno p√©sery from
www.freebase.com/m/0kv3wx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/031kxd	Who directed destricted?
www.freebase.com/m/0rh6_sb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What kind of album is takeover?
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/02pznf5	What is the name of a game where you can play multiplayer
www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/051bg8f	what is a book about mathematics
www.freebase.com/m/0fgjr67	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8b8gd	what track was released by better things to do
www.freebase.com/m/049mfp1	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What was manassas released as
www.freebase.com/m/07knm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01w1sx	what is the hunt for red october about 
www.freebase.com/m/0g81l9p	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6w38p	what is a song from everything's a dollar album
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs7yj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/05q1y	What can oxecta be found in?
www.freebase.com/m/044zy6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	what type of music is savestheday
www.freebase.com/m/0h6831b	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of music is part of nat king cole at the piano
www.freebase.com/m/0zrhy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	what state is upper uwchlan township located in
www.freebase.com/m/09kfykp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country did the film lawless heart originate in
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hp7x1v	What is the name of a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqqmbg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03xs1dh	what album is poet on
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05xdj7	whats the location of a town in india 
www.freebase.com/m/02x6phs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06dfg	What nation is hamad ndikumana from?
www.freebase.com/m/0jw08v	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	what is laurence malkin a notable example of?
www.freebase.com/m/027g024	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what is the color of mother mcauley liberal arts high school
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01mztvq	What is an artist who makes pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/0r3dt1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0395gnw	which release is o holy night on?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02z5fjl	what is a drama on tv
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/023r42	what is a town in the united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0vm7k	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027sgzq	who's one notable person from clarkston
www.freebase.com/m/05p9fj9	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	what country was affected by 1924 cuba hurricane
www.freebase.com/m/08hvyt	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bv9	What language do the actors speak in the angelmakers
www.freebase.com/m/01f_mw	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/05l__x	what film is by the company orion pictures?
www.freebase.com/m/02rc_w5	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/03ll3	which area of activism is somchai neelapaijit a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0cs6hv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	what is the genre of the movie don't raise the bridge, lower the river
www.freebase.com/m/08j5fp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was william burton (governor) born in
www.freebase.com/m/024lt6	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01q_ph	Who was the executive producer for the movie rushmore?
www.freebase.com/m/03hj4xp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Is out is through an album or a song
www.freebase.com/m/0fpn8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03nr_6d	what is located in ulster county, new york?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04n0bkx	what's the name of a famous jazz artist from france
www.freebase.com/m/015l3b	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/040v7sp	What type of object is green dragon
www.freebase.com/m/0gqkd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0r5wx_t	who was born in fukuoka
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0mwd0y8	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/01r8gqg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0163zw	What genre is the presets?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqthxz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02hq0z	what are the active ingredients of the drug scar zone burn relief
www.freebase.com/m/09v5_lk	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/017s11	What production company produced the matinee idol?
www.freebase.com/m/06c980	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of music does alain souchon make 
www.freebase.com/m/02z1txl	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	which position in baseball did doug adams play?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04n4l5l	who plays midfielder 
www.freebase.com/m/042q3	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0fqr53d	which songs did johann wolfgang von goethe help write the lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/04f1qs	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/0fbrl	which famous family is patricia kennedy lawford a member of 
www.freebase.com/m/019ysfc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03452xh	how was red released 
www.freebase.com/m/04yt7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05crtn1	Name a tv episode written by michael palin.
www.freebase.com/m/08b2n2	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what is the parent disease of macroglobulinemia
www.freebase.com/m/058vfp4	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/05vmrs	What is a film set designed by henry grace
www.freebase.com/m/06zqt3x	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/09dvxml	who did the film set decoration of spy school
www.freebase.com/m/0m3_j1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/067pmn	who produced strange
www.freebase.com/m/0gh5t2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is vola vale from
www.freebase.com/m/0gm5rd7	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	which format was boulette filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0b5thj	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/04yf_	Which body of water does the champ clark bridge span
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0277tzz	what is an American motion picture in drama 
www.freebase.com/m/0zsd3n8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014hr0	Who recorded the song i was glad
www.freebase.com/m/04t4qd	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bbcrq	what film did edgar wright direct?
www.freebase.com/m/015p1m	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/07q8kv	what is an investment banking company
www.freebase.com/m/04t0_vj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	what kind of book is malvina of brittany
www.freebase.com/m/07c52	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/01jb5t	What is the name of a title under the television genre on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02kmm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04jlbhk	Who is a notable person that was born in estonia
www.freebase.com/m/01j950	www.freebase.com/royalty/noble_rank/titles_conferring_this_rank	www.freebase.com/m/01ymg	who received the rank of crown prince?
www.freebase.com/m/0r5mk35	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	What baseball position did shohei kato play
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cpzkz	which documentary film was unfinished by orson welles?
www.freebase.com/m/02qyh8l	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what film genre is decaying orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt64m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is fremont cottonwood 0.1 injectable solution administered 
www.freebase.com/m/06zq6k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	Which continent is rondout creek in?
www.freebase.com/m/05xwpr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is william barak female or male?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0683	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	Where was william gay born
www.freebase.com/m/0304w1	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/missions	www.freebase.com/m/02lr12	What mission was ronald m. sega assigned to?
www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0bxg_89	WHo is an example of a fictional lawyer
www.freebase.com/m/063_06v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02tb17	where was juan yustrich born
www.freebase.com/m/0fd_q3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01m1b8	Who is the author of the book flesh and blood
www.freebase.com/m/0m7tzcb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/04cjw50	what is the single from speak
www.freebase.com/m/05qgr_5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what type of book is a face at the window
www.freebase.com/m/03plfd	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0bj_4q	what location is in the eastern european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhpdl_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is see a friend in tears in
www.freebase.com/m/0h3xwh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	what country is kebayoran lama, south jakarta located in
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0njv8	Which county is located in eastern daylight time?
www.freebase.com/m/0l6pdn0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/034v351	what album was paul revere released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0cs0f36	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was palo pinto gold released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2n1g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in dinner and driving
www.freebase.com/m/02q5gzh	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	what type of educational institution is womens institute of science & humanities?
www.freebase.com/m/03yl39l	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What kind of celestial object is 3786 yamada?
www.freebase.com/m/02tp_m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music does steve hogarth make?
www.freebase.com/m/01m50mq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	what kind of music is featured in european legions
www.freebase.com/m/0gj3gv2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01mjq	What nationality is marie ludv√≠kov√°
www.freebase.com/m/0386brb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country released necroshine
www.freebase.com/m/0nd_p3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrz41	which award winning artist recorded curtains
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0cmbvd1	Name a post-punk band?
www.freebase.com/m/01lv534	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music is on the cope park album
www.freebase.com/m/0c4mv9z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	which nationality is lothar geitler
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wbtk0	What's a book about the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0n7w29y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dprg	What is henri courpron's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/047c4lv	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0f5ld	who are the parents of princess sophie-philippine of france?
www.freebase.com/m/02654pf	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what type of lake is lake accotink?
www.freebase.com/m/0ryh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	What was amalasuntha's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01qfm8q	Name an album from the experimental rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/0kvdhh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of movie was  the twinkler
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cdz1n	Who is a famous Filipino-British man born in england
www.freebase.com/m/02rr46f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is tom farmer's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04nrnz	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/included_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/05z626	What group is the ethnicity iranian peoples included in
www.freebase.com/m/043rm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02w1dv	where did james watt pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0fz1s3x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mz0bhg	what is a recording from pilot
www.freebase.com/m/019kqgj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lqkw_	who sang on the song jenny from the block
www.freebase.com/m/0q04f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04jbh1l	Name a theatre director
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/07pj8j	Who is known to play the guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc04yz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/018xkz	which town did ernst krappe die
www.freebase.com/m/05fvt2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03b__fl	what is the name of a city on the leeward islands
www.freebase.com/m/02vp74	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/03c7xbk	which 1989 film was devdas adapted in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y1c82	which asteroid was discovered by spacewatch?
www.freebase.com/m/01lnyf	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	What type of school is wichita state university?
www.freebase.com/m/04wc8yt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What's the subject discussed in style and music
www.freebase.com/m/05rtnj	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01sfqk7	who played the button accordion
www.freebase.com/m/0d1y7	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0xc9k	what census-designated places are in clark county, nevada?
www.freebase.com/m/0dr5y	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/09mpv9	Who is a fictional character created by john carpenter
www.freebase.com/m/01l1zmw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w18lv	who made the album lick my decals off, baby
www.freebase.com/m/02rl80b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	what city is emil bach house based in
www.freebase.com/m/0k__n6	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	What is the instrument that chit chat von loopin stab played?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcz4mt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Where is so-jeong kang from?
www.freebase.com/m/03cc6r0	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position does fabi√°n orellana play?
www.freebase.com/m/01m14n_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what kind of music is on the album docabilly
www.freebase.com/m/0kcqg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5sfq	What category is battleship potemkin under on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0mh7fl8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f7fnv4	california is a track on what release?
www.freebase.com/m/0gklgsv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02kx3	Where exactly was boris van hoof born
www.freebase.com/m/0dnsmmc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lp2s1k	what's one of the tracks on the play me the blues...
www.freebase.com/m/08_dcv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of tammy lauren
www.freebase.com/m/02k8k	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gwz_t	what volcano is located in el salvador
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkz11	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is metronidazole 500 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0zl3zsd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05pq9	Who is the lyricist behind sunny (medley)? 
www.freebase.com/m/04yfr_q	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0968q	What is the location of second persian invasion of greece?
www.freebase.com/m/07ms0rp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/07ms0nn	what is an episode of new york
www.freebase.com/m/05gk2hl	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/significance_level/listings	www.freebase.com/m/04jbrv3	what's a local neighborhood in detroit
www.freebase.com/m/0dybqm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/02ss26	Who's a superhero that has superhuman strength
www.freebase.com/m/0dsr2y	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/06wsfw	who created the character quicksand
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01wzz4w	who's an example of an jazz artist
www.freebase.com/m/01mcc97	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what type of music is the album where you want to be
www.freebase.com/m/0skffvq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre of music does 7eventh time down make
www.freebase.com/m/047b4zt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of movie is richard the second 
www.freebase.com/m/09l65	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0yw12f5	Name a singer.
www.freebase.com/m/064n8xd	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05zm34	What football position does john baker play
www.freebase.com/m/0x6b8ws	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v55fy	which artist recorded the sun years
www.freebase.com/m/0gjbljk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the fab five shown in
www.freebase.com/m/02hl8sm	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/066kp	What platform was tomb raider: legend on?
www.freebase.com/m/02p5b_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender does henrik sedin identify as
www.freebase.com/m/03g0zql	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of divin amanda
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t2ckl	what book has mystery as its primary subject
www.freebase.com/m/01k5y0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released victor victoria
www.freebase.com/m/0dr0l9x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lz_wv3	what song is from white
www.freebase.com/m/04mw7w	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what kind of game is prince of persia 3d 
www.freebase.com/m/04n5crv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is odeh ogar's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/012wjr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dp24q1	What tracks are by the the supremes
www.freebase.com/m/03y9hx	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09btfw	what artist belongs to capricorn records
www.freebase.com/m/07cd_bf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did the cooking show  5 ingredient fix come from
www.freebase.com/m/035c70	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What country is lake alexandrina (south australia) located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fcf98	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of thomas settle
www.freebase.com/m/0ds2_k2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	what is the genre of journey 2: the mysterious island
www.freebase.com/m/03mh94	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/03q471	What production company produced the flm robots
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k0ww8r	Name a war film by Garin Nugroho
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt0cm	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02z428	what is an active ingredient in simvastatin 10 orally disintegrating tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01024n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is santa clara located in
www.freebase.com/m/0crw718	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where is life in victorian times filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/0142zjc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f19d5w	which album was leave me alone released in?
www.freebase.com/m/068k7d	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/064mq	What is the mouth of the panaro river?
www.freebase.com/m/0w2ns8j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r3wm	where was aaron moore born?
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt7zs	What a topical treatment 
www.freebase.com/m/04w6fxj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06ng1	What is the subject of the book titled wild sex
www.freebase.com/m/03jmtzm	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03jc8rt	what release came from september
www.freebase.com/m/02vqp13	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What type of music is featured on brass knuckles (album)
www.freebase.com/m/0czdmwl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of neal bascomb?
www.freebase.com/m/052p7	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02zdw0	List a politician from montreal
www.freebase.com/m/0nfq3bv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	who is jir√¥ nagae
www.freebase.com/m/063_v5c	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what is nikolai latysh's football position
www.freebase.com/m/0fqlz5r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is ida waterman's gender
www.freebase.com/m/025_m3v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of shock to the system
www.freebase.com/m/0dzcw6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What type of book is wanted for murder
www.freebase.com/m/0h3r3m9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ross barbour's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0t4rw53	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	What basketball position does robert witka play?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddh6x_	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/037cm	what type of license does  kde software compilation hold
www.freebase.com/m/04v7vcx	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what binding did fanny hill come in
www.freebase.com/m/02vz7q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg4j	What is travis fimmel known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj5sj	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0fqg2g	what film did bhanu athaiya design the costumes for?
www.freebase.com/m/07521j	www.freebase.com/computer/software_genre/software_in_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cdvjh	what software is in web application framework?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmpg9	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0gvdp	who is the manufacturer of xanax xr 2 extended release tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0kynxpr	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01hpf6	who was the developer for the game the king of fighters 2000/2001?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1ycg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	What is genre of the film the greatest man in the world
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s4bqm	what film is in the genre mystery?
www.freebase.com/m/0gy6hv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What job is eilert ekwall known for
www.freebase.com/m/043n7by	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of show is charlie valentine on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0g84xkl	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lvn0l	who is the featured artist of run mpc
www.freebase.com/m/01sr2yp	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01v1d8	What type of instrument does skream play?
www.freebase.com/m/0v9l2vw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	What type of music is king without a crown an example of?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3mb4v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in the movie telly
www.freebase.com/m/04twqp8	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/094nyt	who is the publisher of writings and drawings
www.freebase.com/m/029bfb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0swksbx	Who was born in jayapura?
www.freebase.com/m/01hgqpk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what region was always released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0_h73	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02734qr	which male politician was born in new kensington?
www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01qv162	Name a person who is a composer and a film director 
www.freebase.com/m/0dmxdb5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m8l4lq	what track was released from the beatles
www.freebase.com/m/03mr6	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t476w	what is the title of a book about hockey?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m87	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/06sphd	what is a movie that can be found in the netflix drama section
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxpww	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what american country does sam laws claim nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0sm8gzf	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0sn0pds	what album has the song new york city
www.freebase.com/m/03y7z95	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	What was the discovery site of 15663 periphas?
www.freebase.com/m/02j2mf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fv_t	which state was charles bolden born
www.freebase.com/m/06zrmfm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was the album 55 cadillac?
www.freebase.com/m/02w9kf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/048n9y1	What was kristin otto known as?
www.freebase.com/m/039r4r0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01bdng8	Name a track off of the release somewhere in the swamps of jersey
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmz3n	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what color is  rythmol sr 425 extended release capsule
www.freebase.com/m/0y9qvg1	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is  point blank / the outfit
www.freebase.com/m/019m34q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0225hw	Who recorded symphonie n¬∫ 15 in g-dur, kv 124: 4. presto?
www.freebase.com/m/01hwqk	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/06vz7xh	What can lead to a burn
www.freebase.com/m/048nrv2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is redwood trailer village in?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_6x2	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_championship_event/champion	www.freebase.com/m/026xxv_	who played in the 1993 ncaa men's division i basketball tournament
www.freebase.com/m/01mxyt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where did thomas tusser die
www.freebase.com/m/0cs610n	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What category is sex, secrets and lies 2 on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01nrtd2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g2m1w	what are album by quintessence
www.freebase.com/m/09ds7p_	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0lskm0	Name a track producred by andr√© jacquemin
www.freebase.com/m/0byd4y8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was the ugly duckling made in?
www.freebase.com/m/03d0dlm	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t265	who produced the film two scrambled
www.freebase.com/m/0jvd79q	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025tnb6	What is the active ingredient in met-tox
www.freebase.com/m/07fb8_	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/02q56mk	what is an American 2000 comedy film in super 35 format
www.freebase.com/m/05b5wyx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what's a genre that describes the note
www.freebase.com/m/025_mm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03npl8h	who was born in kazanlak?
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/027kkbp	what city is municipality located in brazil
www.freebase.com/m/0lkf4q5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0vjqkl	what was the album that english was released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j239d	what is a soul music album?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6chxr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/028n3	which county did trevor williams die
www.freebase.com/m/0nl7qnm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0f225c	who recorded salem?
www.freebase.com/m/014z96	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jsrpy	who wrote the film  bill and ted
www.freebase.com/m/065bxx	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0r8mff_	What's a film joseph mcginty nichol directed?
www.freebase.com/m/01ltkz_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09jw2	What is the genre for waters edge?
www.freebase.com/m/03cwws2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of denis keegan?
www.freebase.com/m/01wq83	www.freebase.com/base/usnationalparks/us_national_park/closest_airports	www.freebase.com/m/01n584	What's the closest airport to canyonlands national park
www.freebase.com/m/05xmn2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09j9h	what does meton of athens do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0t_6zzw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is rhodie cogan's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03cnt6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is gino corrado from
www.freebase.com/m/0m7jzlb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dnydf3	what album is clint eastwood featured on
www.freebase.com/m/04v2lpb	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0g72r	who is the editor of hollywood
www.freebase.com/m/01tpq_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what genre of film is mr. baseball in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtnjx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03mbc0h	what is the active ingredient in the salsalate 750 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/06sdt7	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/02vvq4x	Who is the cinematographer that worked on the film sparkle
www.freebase.com/m/09ds99	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/02k76g	Who is the writer of the sanctuary tv episode
www.freebase.com/m/04mfwn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what was the place of death for john ogdon
www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0g7s6h	Name a CVG strategy video game.
www.freebase.com/m/0fvyv1	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	What position does jake gibbs play in football
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0gf6w8_	what is a song by Frederick Delius?
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/05xmxj	which game was published by electronic arts
www.freebase.com/m/01vfc45	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02lcc	where was mirco nontschew born 
www.freebase.com/m/0524_0	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	which ethnicity is wendell scott
www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/03y216b	what is a 1988 asteroid discovered at the palomar observatory
www.freebase.com/m/0zjdtb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/064mqcr	what is a recording of rumors called
www.freebase.com/m/0c81jt	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mf0	filemaker inc. is what type of industry 
www.freebase.com/m/065wk8	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	which country is huallaga river in
www.freebase.com/m/03g07s8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/038qs7	Who made the album lennie tristano
www.freebase.com/m/0gbqkdv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgx	Where is ruben karapetyan from
www.freebase.com/m/0db94	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_range/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/0809hdj	What is a mountain found in the sierra nevada (u.s.) mountain range?
www.freebase.com/m/0qkc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsmr5	What is an active ingredient of aspirin?
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0pc68hz	Who is someone notable who was born in england
www.freebase.com/m/031fsz	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_division/teams	www.freebase.com/m/02wvfxz	what is a football team in division i (ncaa)?
www.freebase.com/m/04yg0v_	www.freebase.com/base/classiccars/vintage_car/body_styles_produced	www.freebase.com/m/021mp2	what kind of car is cunningham inside-drive limousine-146-a
www.freebase.com/m/03jbh33	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_2p83	What is a track on the release the guide?
www.freebase.com/m/09tdx_6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is the film bride of violence from
www.freebase.com/m/099p5k	www.freebase.com/biology/chromosome/gene	www.freebase.com/m/021mlk6	what gene is found in chromosome 5
www.freebase.com/m/01kphrb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kph_c	Which artist released the self-titled album warren zevon?
www.freebase.com/m/02xxvj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_class/drugs	www.freebase.com/m/0hqvd45	What is a drug of polymyxin?
www.freebase.com/m/01gvpwj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what musical genre is pretty woman
www.freebase.com/m/0crvmvw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is wasted?
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsngq	what is a drug?
www.freebase.com/m/09k4r_d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what film genre is 5150 elms way
www.freebase.com/m/04y6tgz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0145__	Where was bryn lewis when he died
www.freebase.com/m/02x87t_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06mz5	what state was these happy golden years written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqyn4d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0wqt57	which record is part of chicago
www.freebase.com/m/03q6zr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What kind of music does andrew wood perform?
www.freebase.com/m/047ndx	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/033b_b	who is the executive producer for \\"crocodile\\" dundee ii?
www.freebase.com/m/0h8c0c_	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/09f6ky	What is a film that was executively produced by giuseppe pedersoli
www.freebase.com/m/04m_px_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01yrx	what subject is the cat who had 60 whiskers written about
www.freebase.com/m/03tlf	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/014m_1	who was involved in the iran-contra affair
www.freebase.com/m/0dncks5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kpv04	which artist recorded sujinho
www.freebase.com/m/0b28y8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwyss	which language is used for dust
www.freebase.com/m/03jg_bz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What type of music is does the album slade alive! ‚Äì the live anthology exemplify
www.freebase.com/m/09gkzxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/012zjc	Who is margaret stewart's dad
www.freebase.com/m/03jgyvg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0134mx	Who created the album singles as & bs?
www.freebase.com/m/0cfvg0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what film genre is the movie satya
www.freebase.com/m/02cm61	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whw2f	what is a book about public health?
www.freebase.com/m/0140dw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k1dw	what type of video game is mario party 4
www.freebase.com/m/0fv7q0t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is boston
www.freebase.com/m/01jnxtc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was burnin'
www.freebase.com/m/0fls50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22lm	which netflix genre does seed belong to
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crx26t	What is the name of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/04r13t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fhsz	what province would you find the city of afragola
www.freebase.com/m/02cft	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/06w5jv7	What is a film that dublin was featured in
www.freebase.com/m/038043b	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which region was the release dru hill released in
www.freebase.com/m/0crrck6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	what genre is the film verdi: otello?
www.freebase.com/m/03jkhmc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which format was pill clinton released 
www.freebase.com/m/06l4rl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where is australian story from?
www.freebase.com/m/03vhs5	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03kbsw	who directed the film twisted
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p_8mc	What's an example of a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jtnbq	what is a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/02qnw52	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	is asambhav a thriller or horror movie
www.freebase.com/m/0s2_g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvyx	name a county located in tamms, illinois
www.freebase.com/m/0f375zv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0pkdwm	What is the canonical version of the recording up all night?
www.freebase.com/m/01g9x46	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of musical release is in good company?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxhgb	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is selayar language
www.freebase.com/m/0bpvwp	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	What instrument did clifford jordan play?
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gkw5h	who was born in chicago
www.freebase.com/m/0zyt4k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04lk5d	Who recorded the song timeless?
www.freebase.com/m/031rp3	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0c_txt	which movie did morgan creek productions produce 
www.freebase.com/m/01sbp1h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	which genre does brush shiels create
www.freebase.com/m/017_1f	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02y9x4	what type of religious practice doe maharishi mahesh yogi have
www.freebase.com/m/0dgnsc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	What language is a pillow case of mystery broadcast in
www.freebase.com/m/0drdb88	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0mdlk9	what is the canonical version of busted
www.freebase.com/m/02q1b7v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	what kind of music does grain shifter make
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0348qp	what medieval named hotel and casino in located in the united states   
www.freebase.com/m/02yb0g	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0c4kv	which area does wgme-tv serve
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cvczf	Name a horror book. 
www.freebase.com/m/0cq229t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/09z2vf3	Name a film in the classics netflix genre.
www.freebase.com/m/02blr4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cs34kg	What's a frankenstein monster film
www.freebase.com/m/07zmpnw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is nan morales male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0c60ys	What's the name of a rock music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/02hx312	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	what is the language family of the mbula-bwazza language
www.freebase.com/m/02rzr2_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What kind of film is day of the animals?
www.freebase.com/m/05bzmgs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language is spoken in the film titled  ak≈ç gishi
www.freebase.com/m/09kbwz	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/024rgt	Which company produced the film talkin dirty after dark?
www.freebase.com/m/0k4wpp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is rƒÉzvan rƒÉdulescu's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/032_xrl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mz_7f	what song is on an ideal for living
www.freebase.com/m/06hnvr	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01tyw1	What is resnik named after
www.freebase.com/m/0nzg0	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/0hvml73	what newspaper circulates in jackson county?
www.freebase.com/m/0kmkbvx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/010czy3	which recording contains the release track barbados?
www.freebase.com/m/0q_m4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	corcoran is in which state?
www.freebase.com/m/034ms	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/013447	what english statistician did  george berkeley influence
www.freebase.com/m/04t2t4m	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What kind of book is voyage with jason
www.freebase.com/m/0kvg2x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is cherish
www.freebase.com/m/0pb6fx8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01vx3m	what is rebecca root's birthplace?
www.freebase.com/m/03cmyss	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what sex is frances freeling broderip
www.freebase.com/m/03cytx2	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02rmvjc	Who is the founder of Ms. Foundation for Women?
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0b4tnt	Which jewish person founded the Jewish Spectator? 
www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t2h4s	whats an example of a book whose subject is about the classics
www.freebase.com/m/0fylpxb	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was techno club, volume 6 released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjf1dg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of daniel sosa
www.freebase.com/m/01dx06	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k7t4p	What is an album by salt-n-pepa?
www.freebase.com/m/04t08nh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0303rh	which male author wrote the religion of java?
www.freebase.com/m/03b55w_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what area was firecamp stories remixes released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wfrws	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was written in bracket racing
www.freebase.com/m/026dkrk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/seasons	www.freebase.com/m/0hznlz4	which season was bigg boss (indian tv series) 
www.freebase.com/m/07v3ln	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	which country is phillips idowu from
www.freebase.com/m/02q9bq8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	WHat country is rosamond township in
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gggmkv	name a film under the genre of action film.
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06zqn0x	What is the name of a 2009 indian romance film?
www.freebase.com/m/0djh1c	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vrvz8	what was the title of the spanish edition of the talented mr. ripley
www.freebase.com/m/04d9yz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wkhzz	name a track done by the artist damon dash 
www.freebase.com/m/0302f53	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pbhj4	What's a song from the made on earth tracklisting
www.freebase.com/m/0d48mt3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language was the film tokyo hot n0452 done in
www.freebase.com/m/02r47p5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	which color is represented of lourdes high school
www.freebase.com/m/0gjtfm	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/03nqtl1	who directed the film set of diary of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/01h9vr0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08lpkq	What is the genre of  september of my years
www.freebase.com/m/059j2	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0v67y	what municipalities are in the netherlands
www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	what continent is hungary in
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09szkhs	which animation film that contains an athlete's experience with drugs?
www.freebase.com/m/01l8_n	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/032l1	which famous novelist influenced emil cioran
www.freebase.com/m/06z_yw5	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/nris_listing/significance_level	www.freebase.com/m/05gk2gv	What is tecumseh's significance level
www.freebase.com/m/0x0v02t	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02rfft	The video game infinity blade iii was developed by whom?
www.freebase.com/m/0j8d_l4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is utilized for the film smashed
www.freebase.com/m/06js4g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of ulf bj√∂rlin
www.freebase.com/m/02rcbwl	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is ecseny located
www.freebase.com/m/05xjzj	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/03v09	What language family does rajasthani language fall with?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0vx	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hy_p6w	Who's a farmer that also worked as a horse trader
www.freebase.com/m/09ndsl	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	What does jet black play?
www.freebase.com/m/02hl__v	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04w7x6	who is a publisher for you dont know jack
www.freebase.com/m/05dhdsb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/025vv88	who writes the television episode 12.03.02 - tuesday
www.freebase.com/m/09k4nsq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film blind rage
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/037rcv	What is a musical film from Czech?
www.freebase.com/m/027tvxs	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c6vx0	who was the editor for malcolm campbell 
www.freebase.com/m/08cnf2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/02fbcn	what was jimmy corkhill occupation
www.freebase.com/m/02x33d3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is written in file under popular
www.freebase.com/m/0b0w7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dzz2m0	what tracks have madness (band) recorded?
www.freebase.com/m/026kzhb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What genre of tv program is strain: strategic armored infantry?
www.freebase.com/m/080nbl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What type of rock does daniel levitin write
www.freebase.com/m/0w28pqg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	What is Deidre Fitzpatrick's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqq9cx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is j. r. richards from
www.freebase.com/m/015npr	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05vqzb	which film did aamir khan write the screenplay for 
www.freebase.com/m/0rj5_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	what state is lauderdale lakes in
www.freebase.com/m/0crtrn9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where does boogie vision originate?
www.freebase.com/m/02d2dp	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/missions	www.freebase.com/m/0289bkk	what space mission did sandra magnus take a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0pb2bv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jq0m1	who recorded london
www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03h5g8l	Name a Garage Rock album with a numerical name.
www.freebase.com/m/02jfc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wg6cq	What's a work that is about education
www.freebase.com/m/049frvs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	What kind if music is stigma
www.freebase.com/m/0dnbrx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/018h84	who wrote the saint and the hapsburg necklace
www.freebase.com/m/07sz7n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is camille winbush from
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0f99fy	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/0jvc97s	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01rtbd	what are john bowden connally, sr.'s childrens' names
www.freebase.com/m/0f4lrcq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fstby	which releases is loved ones and leaving in?
www.freebase.com/m/0640z4x	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/018cwm	What type of activism is alexander aris known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0b94_c	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01tp5bj	Who wrote the song the walk
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0cyjzn	what person died from a myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/068mvx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hnl	what type of educational institution is eastern new mexico university?
www.freebase.com/m/0jfgk	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0gttp_3	What terrorist attack was a part of the second intifada?
www.freebase.com/m/0bl7h6	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0471q5	who was botev peak  named after
www.freebase.com/m/017pjy8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wmgpv	Which artist recorded i'll try?
www.freebase.com/m/04n1g3r	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what genre is the videogame blackshot
www.freebase.com/m/0mkvdy4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fjv0m	Which album is japan a track of?
www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04k05	what artist is signed to warner music group?
www.freebase.com/m/02x7zty	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	what profession does kelly salmon have
www.freebase.com/m/03wcb37	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/0d4_x9	Who created fear itself
www.freebase.com/m/07tkkk	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f6zns	what artist records under  rocketown records
www.freebase.com/m/03jg4gv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is verdi
www.freebase.com/m/0zkfzz8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/0c0xr	What form of composition is symphony no. 5 to the memory of my parents in?
www.freebase.com/m/04j322m	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what type of language is coming apart spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/03cyhyf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where is diana davies from?
www.freebase.com/m/0h99n	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/06tp4h	Who is a notable person who is affected by attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
www.freebase.com/m/02t85zv	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/03bkkv	What's a book that features the character fred weasley
www.freebase.com/m/0dljvsf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022h47	Which city was akbar rasyid born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldtq5q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/036hr4f	san francisco is a release track from which album
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ld127	which album is indie rock
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jq95y	what is the name of a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0lfp06	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g2t1tk	Name a recording by columbia
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw667	Name a crime fiction film
www.freebase.com/m/0q9zc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/0d1gk6	larry david wrote what tv episode
www.freebase.com/m/057xg1_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was geoffrey obrien born
www.freebase.com/m/02r54s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xv2x	What is the genre of music that econoline crush makes
www.freebase.com/m/02p3h40	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0yjj_6n	Who is an actor born in vadstena
www.freebase.com/m/06wp60	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0ymf3cb	which episode is contained of first monday
www.freebase.com/m/0fk2149	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lbcgs	which tracks are in the release pass the dust, i think im bowie?
www.freebase.com/m/09dwr8	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_specialty/diseases_treated	www.freebase.com/m/029s1	What is a disease that comes from genetics
www.freebase.com/m/04gp6h2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was pirates ii: stagnettis revenge filmed at?
www.freebase.com/m/0gksws9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	which asian languages is the film loveholic available in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bj5q2t	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is in wherever you are
www.freebase.com/m/0h2mh3_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	what language is spoken in agricultural technology
www.freebase.com/m/01242_	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04gh5ss	mrs. brown was executive produced by who
www.freebase.com/m/012zrl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0642_5	which artist released liz phair
www.freebase.com/m/03r7kj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/012bnlz	What is the name of a track by edie brickell
www.freebase.com/m/0c3yn0b	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 12326 shirasaki orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/03r2jm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/048n9y1	what is nicol pitro's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03nqnkg	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	as a defensive player, which position does christian eichner play
www.freebase.com/m/0h55wzl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does (15302) 1992 tj1 orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0c772_	which bridge is located in pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/030md9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs0f9	what is contained by doxycycline
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03fzy0_	what japanese album is compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/02p_mb3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is sarah bagley from
www.freebase.com/m/04n3c_p	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03cf07	what is a film written by david winters
www.freebase.com/m/01b37p0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033pybj	Which release is the recording "bad" featured on?
www.freebase.com/m/01scgwv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What kind of music is exhibited by the album soul meeting
www.freebase.com/m/0b6xq0g	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0fk3s	what is the ethnicity of the fictional character  charles eastman
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtdrz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is vaporizing chest
www.freebase.com/m/024r25	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kg8y_	what album is from nanci griffith
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0c10wc	who identifies with the african american ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/09dw1_n	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/091xrc	What movie was simon murton the film art director for?
www.freebase.com/m/0gqkd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05bmqz7	Name a person born in fukuoka
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrpjr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken on nfl rush zone: guardians of the core?
www.freebase.com/m/030w6r	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/059kz9	who developed the computer game sword of mana
www.freebase.com/m/01hz11	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/0k_9	what is a symptom of emotional insecurity
www.freebase.com/m/01mw29y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	what is a record label that worked with trine rein
www.freebase.com/m/03d6924	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	whats kemalettin ≈ûent√ºrk's position in football
www.freebase.com/m/0crw8bn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0qdzd	what type of film is dead line
www.freebase.com/m/0bdlj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01bybdn	What is  a track created by duke ellington
www.freebase.com/m/06rrg1	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is the big over easy
www.freebase.com/m/04fk2mt	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0kbws	which olympic game held men's badminton, singles
www.freebase.com/m/04xhw9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is Roisin Shortall?
www.freebase.com/m/02pjnq	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02q_rjl	who is one of oliver ames's children 
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hhk2	Which film is of the lgbt genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0s91b7k	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ml5_h	what artist is on warning sign?
www.freebase.com/m/0641sn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is hugh rossi
www.freebase.com/m/01329d5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03gjvkz	what artist recorded synthesizzler
www.freebase.com/m/03nwp66	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender identity of yiannis papaioannou
www.freebase.com/m/02w4g3y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender identity associated with raymond allen
www.freebase.com/m/0fp10	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0650pp	What is the name of an island in lake baikal
www.freebase.com/m/01l6dm9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what kind of music on upside downside?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5hr3q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	What is the nationality of jo-myeong jeon?
www.freebase.com/m/050ks	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/039cdv	which stephen king novel takes place in maine
www.freebase.com/m/0m57n6w	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03_5n0s	which compilation is energy a track on
www.freebase.com/m/0fw2y	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/09gsgf	what can one visit while in madison, wisconsin
www.freebase.com/m/0c4zb8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018wtc	Where was emery john battis born?
www.freebase.com/m/04w91j1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	whats a subject of  hobbes and republican liberty
www.freebase.com/m/06jp1m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of  robert sapolsky
www.freebase.com/m/0g_j0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/09ff3	Which period of visual art is marc chagall associated with
www.freebase.com/m/05zkwp5	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/075x6	what was the subject of the film birds do it, bees do it
www.freebase.com/m/0frlc3b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/041505c	what artist recorded  dormi jesu
www.freebase.com/m/0ls_1z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f3_p3	which musician recorded i shall be released
www.freebase.com/m/062_6rk	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0dwt5	what musical instrument does dadamndude play
www.freebase.com/m/09rx7tx	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0bn6s9	Who was the cinematographer for jackass 3d?
www.freebase.com/m/02r5lxh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position did massimiliano cappioli play
www.freebase.com/m/05d2k_p	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is august a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/064xp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fhb7w	what italian football player was born in  pisa
www.freebase.com/m/0crzlpb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of genre is jesus: the new way?
www.freebase.com/m/093x19	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where was norman luboff born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0np1k9p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015j6y	who recorded the song jingle bells?
www.freebase.com/m/02vp6wm	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0szf5	What major city does iowa highway 150 go through?
www.freebase.com/m/0fb1r7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqgspx	What's a medication that actavis makes for children
www.freebase.com/m/04wbn7p	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fglh	what was written in power of play
www.freebase.com/m/04xpbzh	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0521nx3	What is the name of the publisher for the book The Complete Tribune Primer?
www.freebase.com/m/02r38r9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nationality is jinah kim
www.freebase.com/m/0ryt23n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did the fut begin
www.freebase.com/m/01trbbk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fccl52	which tracks were produced by the artist universal principles?
www.freebase.com/m/05szq3t	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	What kind of game is t≈çkidensh≈ç angel eyes
www.freebase.com/m/0mzf2zn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is egia ilia khachaturian?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmg2jx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What genre of film is the living ghost?
www.freebase.com/m/04s2z	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/043m5l4	who is a french mathematician?
www.freebase.com/m/0m82bw	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fw9s_s	what is the name of the song version from the single  fever
www.freebase.com/m/03yg_zm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	over which main star does 40409 taichikato move
www.freebase.com/m/0ds9cj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	What genre of music is the jazz soul of little stevie?
www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_participating_country/olympics_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0sx8l	which olympic event did poland participate in
www.freebase.com/m/02qndqn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	What is naseem ashraf's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04v64v	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/07w21	who was influenced by paul goodman
www.freebase.com/m/0sx7r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02kl65p	what is 1992 winter olympics
www.freebase.com/m/04bmng	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is dan hicks male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/05gnf	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what place did nbc found
www.freebase.com/m/04rk4d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07371	where is holbeach located at?
www.freebase.com/m/01t08z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01btwx	where is cuernavaca located in
www.freebase.com/m/037ybqq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lk_l1g	what is a track off the release koncert
www.freebase.com/m/03fzpnj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is the album off the beaten track in?
www.freebase.com/m/02gx4br	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/061g8	what topic gallery does pope-peter pprubens appear in
www.freebase.com/m/03x1c4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01612mg	what track is by the artist ultra nat√©?
www.freebase.com/m/03866xj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which european region is travellers beyond released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02747wx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mnzd	where was andrew hoffman born?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crrz0y	What is a title of a documentary Netflix film?
www.freebase.com/m/09zgqr	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02jqcp	who is the parent of steve gainey?
www.freebase.com/m/08f27g	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01k6y1	which country was involved in the battle of katzbach
www.freebase.com/m/031d9z3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is the music release smooth criminal from
www.freebase.com/m/02rpf29	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what nationality is homi adajania
www.freebase.com/m/0f2b9	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	which diet allows the consumption of champagne (wine)
www.freebase.com/m/026kyyg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of t¬∑o¬∑s (terminate on sight)
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrcx6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	how would one categorize antacid antigas
www.freebase.com/m/08692z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	where is bass located
www.freebase.com/m/04t0k2z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	what is the subject of dr. seuss goes to war
www.freebase.com/m/0fyp1q	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	What does beatriz luengo do for work
www.freebase.com/m/0crrbjr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre of film is true love
www.freebase.com/m/02wcww_	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position does john olufemi play?
www.freebase.com/m/06s2qp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/096gm	where in romania did ignat bednarik die?
www.freebase.com/m/05c9dn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is kevin cadogan profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0k6qxn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was Max McCabe-Lokos born?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2fpr_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lzc1_q	Which track is found on jesus?
www.freebase.com/m/03mbg_d	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/01dc0c	what film sets have clay a. griffith helped design?
www.freebase.com/m/05b303n	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	What position does blake moore play?
www.freebase.com/m/04kvcb	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what football position does stewart downing play
www.freebase.com/m/09dp88	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is mitchel mclaughlin male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0c5sm	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/047f94	What is an example of when aria was used?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nyx3y	what is an example of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/059kh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j_yxh	what is an album in the genre of new wave music?
www.freebase.com/m/03q09	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is herman of alaska's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05j3s1	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0c1dc9t	who did the costume design for hard target
www.freebase.com/m/0cjc8g8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	which language was spoken in ceasefire
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/084xdc	whats the name of a midfielder football player
www.freebase.com/m/09llyct	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/0351np	johann christoph bach was a member of which famous musical family?
www.freebase.com/m/08gppk	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/04nv9t	What is a risk factor of scleritis
www.freebase.com/m/013wkd	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/04cxy_	which historical event took place in egypt's old kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/01l1xfk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what's the best way to describ service's music
www.freebase.com/m/0j784	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/055z0rs	What films was nicolas roeg a cinematographer on? 
www.freebase.com/m/031mt7	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ch55	what instruments can mal waldron play?
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03d35qd	what is the name of a biography on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02q35ft	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	what position does leon murray play?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqwc7g	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/route_of_administration	www.freebase.com/m/04v6hz	how is tobramycin/dexamethasone administered? 
www.freebase.com/m/0cq23_d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03lb7_	what is a title in the genre food stories
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsc5n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	what dosage form does ongo - fin come in
www.freebase.com/m/03f6jpj	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	which instrument in the band did carlton \\"carly\\" barrett play
www.freebase.com/m/04wj8xp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04gb7	what is the subject of the book free legal help?
www.freebase.com/m/02hx20w	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is kalinga, southern language 
www.freebase.com/m/05mqv4c	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/036k5h	what color is represented by underdale high school?
www.freebase.com/m/04yg7xn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	where was vanessa zachos born
www.freebase.com/m/01vv7sc	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_jsq88	which lyrics were written by moby
www.freebase.com/m/02jh31	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/02px95f	what is the name of a song written by joe perry (musician)
www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0_ltrxl	who was born in mexico city
www.freebase.com/m/0j8gg47	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city was jonathan roumie born in
www.freebase.com/m/04cjzjp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f4vhx8	what is the release track on a lovely madness
www.freebase.com/m/038kxxp	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is heavens gate located
www.freebase.com/m/02wccb3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	What was the place of death of bill stalker
www.freebase.com/m/0bwl1y5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0f_j1	what kind of album is collection 005
www.freebase.com/m/03gy3	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8txv	what books have been written on human geography?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ftxl79	what is a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/01ptvr3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/019sz9w	which track was done by novembre
www.freebase.com/m/01w613	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0h0qkv	Which program is a variety show?
www.freebase.com/m/01t9q00	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zxwytj	Who composed sammy fain?
www.freebase.com/m/0n32wjq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	where was martha rueda terrazas born?
www.freebase.com/m/0877kn	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what religion does mostowfi ol-mamalek follow
www.freebase.com/m/047bl_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Which country is tout √ßa... pour √ßa ! filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c10pr	name a coal town in virginia.
www.freebase.com/m/03y57qp	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 21401 justinkovac orbit
www.freebase.com/m/02785p	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01jg61	What is the higher classification of tepary bean?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpr3j	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	is universidad de san carlos de guatemala a public or private school
www.freebase.com/m/027xlc2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tz01	where was bruce tarr born in
www.freebase.com/m/0y50sy9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k23t	who is the singer of sing
www.freebase.com/m/023ycx	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01r3hr	Which position is played by lou saban
www.freebase.com/m/035kmmv	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the physical format of the release time capsule?
www.freebase.com/m/01j_vtq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j_w0w	This artist is behind the album so many partings.
www.freebase.com/m/0cnlhvg	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/07t21	What country does oleksandrivs‚Äôkyi  raion operate within
www.freebase.com/m/075zt8	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	What instrument does bruce thomas play?
www.freebase.com/m/0388g5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	what was the reason for thomas spencer wells's death
www.freebase.com/m/015gr	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_range/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/0412kky	What's a mountain within the black forest mountain range
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nr6q3	What is the name of an alternative rock album
www.freebase.com/m/04n6n7r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	what kind of metal does the band angelus apatrida play
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01f_v_5	what music album is type of compilation album in video game
www.freebase.com/m/04vl6_z	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/046c1lv	waiting to exhale  is an edition of what book
www.freebase.com/m/0f6pql	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the movie the return of captain nemo from?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/027bzyc	what is a book in the fiction literary genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsqlg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01pt5w	Where was alwyn uytingco born
www.freebase.com/m/0dnt442	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/019kmv	whose album is the story of slade, volume two
www.freebase.com/m/01x090r	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0vm1pf	Which track did david baker engineer
www.freebase.com/m/0dmdr1	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what fiction genre is finity's end considered
www.freebase.com/m/0dykvdv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g2y12f	what is a track from the artist verbal kent?
www.freebase.com/m/06hk_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	which european country is estanislao figueras from?
www.freebase.com/m/07_r5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h7y_sq	which youtube star produces video art?
www.freebase.com/m/010lz0p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0tns0n	what is the original version of barcelona (original 1987 extended version)
www.freebase.com/m/0ffrtm7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01wjdmz	who produced the recording tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/09r3v0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	Where is wilbur-by-the-sea located at?
www.freebase.com/m/09k8v5	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0dggmvn	what hotel did robert lorimer design?
www.freebase.com/m/01wk30c	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	What is d-nice's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmvfrp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/049lf69	which release included the recording new york
www.freebase.com/m/04g9mt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0l1b_	Who wrote soul of the fire?
www.freebase.com/m/06bm2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wf90q	What book is about recreation
www.freebase.com/m/02m4t	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0fndsp	what are works about existentialism
www.freebase.com/m/051y97n	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is scribblenauts
www.freebase.com/m/012qdp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0170kh	Who is an officer of the armed forces?
www.freebase.com/m/01qv21m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what type of rock artist is the mae shi
www.freebase.com/m/06myp	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0bk5r	Who did sigmund freud influence?
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01mxy2_	who was born in los angeles?
www.freebase.com/m/04w51z	www.freebase.com/broadcast/tv_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02cw4l	who is the owner of wfty-dt?
www.freebase.com/m/0bytw3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/05npv2w	what is a version of titan quest
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jvtch	which song was created by laleh
www.freebase.com/m/0gxvk6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is fat world about
www.freebase.com/m/03wgqwq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	which type of music is the voice 2 ÔΩûcover lovers rockÔΩû album
www.freebase.com/m/0fwpf41	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was sax alto: 2¬™ raccolta released
www.freebase.com/m/02wk69	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/05d1p_	What is the name of an independent school
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07ww78f	Name a screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/01sw8h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is joey levine's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/07l3sxv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/07l3sxc	what was the previous episode of the tv show maui
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0vb1hbt	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/032_slz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01b12v6	what is a track from the album ghetto 
www.freebase.com/m/01xz9v	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0dl9p9m	where is a circle k found
www.freebase.com/m/035y31v	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xjq3w	What is a song from why call it anything album
www.freebase.com/m/01b370	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/043fwz	What company did martha stewart fund
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lddz9	what musician uses psychedelic rock
www.freebase.com/m/0lrcglv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0399kcx	what is the release track on believe
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/05jwph	What horror/suspense thriller was filmed in Toronto, Canada?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhfrn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is red-dirt marijuana and other tastes written about
www.freebase.com/m/03cbdq6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06fjl2	which artist recorded social circus
www.freebase.com/m/043ljr	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mxx4p	who is a musician signed with rounder records
www.freebase.com/m/0qjwvpm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was around the world: live in concert released?
www.freebase.com/m/0g6c0kn	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	What is the label that released it's better to travel?
www.freebase.com/m/05b9fms	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_subject	www.freebase.com/m/0d6n1	what art subject is the artwork dancers at the bar
www.freebase.com/m/0b33f1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the film the seventh veil done in
www.freebase.com/m/05hbdy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xc9x	Where was lee hazlewood when he died
www.freebase.com/m/01hymtj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0165ys	Who sings dios disfrute a la reina
www.freebase.com/m/055wfz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is time fades away?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0rzqggs	what's the name of a chinese national that plays midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/0_mpcp7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01c8v0	which artist recorded wonderful tonight
www.freebase.com/m/0z9_w_3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of movie was  zone
www.freebase.com/m/0wg6bf6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0w6064j	Which season does savannah air on?
www.freebase.com/m/0j7kl2q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is viewpoint from
www.freebase.com/m/0ttm1t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0kx3c	Who is the artist from the lounge fly recording
www.freebase.com/m/045wvq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/037h1k	What label is arcade fire with?
www.freebase.com/m/035p7h2	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the format for release of the album woodlands
www.freebase.com/m/0kw9v1h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0_8krv	which record is part of bass
www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qjvqn	Name a woman who was born in massachusetts
www.freebase.com/m/0bhpfj	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/space_agency	www.freebase.com/m/05f4p	what space agency does terry w. virts work closely with
www.freebase.com/m/01s_r0w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music does thegersch perform
www.freebase.com/m/0j2nk	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where is brighton and hove located?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxc61s	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/040vzx	which health company manufactures amiodarone hydrochloride 200 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y7bvb	what's the name of an asteroid that orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g9djnx	what are thriller (genre) films?
www.freebase.com/m/07phf8	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	what kind of cuisine is sweet chilli sauce compatible with
www.freebase.com/m/0gdh5	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0m4jt8	What is the name of a track produced by alanis morissette
www.freebase.com/m/0306y0y	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What was the release format of just say no√´l
www.freebase.com/m/03zvnq2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	which country was knuffelrock 17 mainly released in
www.freebase.com/m/06sgrn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	what is the profession of loleatta holloway?
www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03d28k2	what album is a type of latin pop?
www.freebase.com/m/09l59j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Which country is andreas wisniewski from?
www.freebase.com/m/0z6n	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/0gc80	what art form did albrecht durer practice?
www.freebase.com/m/0gp5__	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xr_wb	what is m-65 (michigan highway) a a type of
www.freebase.com/m/01vrkyy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is kaijin's gendr
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbwz3r	Name a male model
www.freebase.com/m/031467	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/04rcl7	who is the production company for donald's nephews 
www.freebase.com/m/0j_dmrx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is (11922) 1992 ut3?
www.freebase.com/m/02rmk7	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	is austin college a private or public school
www.freebase.com/m/01cwrh7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is stay?
www.freebase.com/m/01v2zgg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What country is mark ayres from?
www.freebase.com/m/02rtqbt	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/04psf	what is bleeding on probing a symptom of?
www.freebase.com/m/026mt5p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the angel wore red filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mfls37	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f33xfc	The release track blue is from which release
www.freebase.com/m/01z9f77	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/026h8t6	where is 86046
www.freebase.com/m/03mbdsw	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jvgj7	who was the producer for the hunchback
www.freebase.com/m/07nz6s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljsr	What exactly is mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency
www.freebase.com/m/02qc0wz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/019fh	Where was dave eggler when he died
www.freebase.com/m/0c02k59	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of book genre does two blondes belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0djb6t0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what sort of film is john james audubon
www.freebase.com/m/0mph3h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mfy4c	who recorded cuba?
www.freebase.com/m/080q4t	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/075fzd	What subject of film is The Daddy of Rock n Roll?
www.freebase.com/m/0crt233	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did the film the battles of tim eyman
www.freebase.com/m/01lz900	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g3m40n	what is a release of tennessee 
www.freebase.com/m/01ghj0d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	is grey's anatomy indie rock or classical
www.freebase.com/m/035s95	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03dbds	Who directed the newton boys?
www.freebase.com/m/0bk31b	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of book is isle of view
www.freebase.com/m/03qdgch	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0dqyw	where in japan did 1999 fivb volleyball men's world cup took place in?
www.freebase.com/m/0sqwtpk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190y4	what genre of music is performed by the twelve foot ninja group
www.freebase.com/m/01k1b04	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k19_1	What's an album by the wailing souls
www.freebase.com/m/06zdzlk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is moe no suzaku
www.freebase.com/m/0282wdx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jp37	Which artist created the hurdy gurdy man album
www.freebase.com/m/0hnddln	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/012m_	Where was steven pallos born
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0bhbbxk	What is a main belt minor planet in the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0crzpwd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	which genre does the crown witness fall under
www.freebase.com/m/03gr7kc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07f1x	which country contains scb park plaza
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gyhgv7	Who is your favorite actor?
www.freebase.com/m/0ff6l0j	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01clyr	who released bad boy 
www.freebase.com/m/049z623	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is dow corner in?
www.freebase.com/m/01wbc93	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what type of genre is robbie merrill?
www.freebase.com/m/06w7wf6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b1vjn	What is the genre of the computer videogame mafia wars
www.freebase.com/m/0lq7bf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037xygf	all the way live is from which album release 
www.freebase.com/m/0k5bjp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	Who is robert barrett?
www.freebase.com/m/06gwz4	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/02hvsdp	that aircraft type does sikorsky s-70 belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_ght	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0168cl	who produced jimmy buffett: live at wrigley field
www.freebase.com/m/0nb7r	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01wt5zy	who is a person born in kentish town
www.freebase.com/m/04ynjx	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/09253f	who wrote under the tuscan sun?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02qdlxz	what is an English indie rock band from kent
www.freebase.com/m/02741lg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	which city is cambridge school of culinary arts located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bf5k7r	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rvfsz	who is the artist that performed on the album sample and hold: attack decay sustain release?
www.freebase.com/m/03mw4n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	What sort of metal does labyrinth perform
www.freebase.com/m/013qvn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0g6lt9t	What's an album written by dean martin
www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/05klmrp	what are adventure video games
www.freebase.com/m/02t024n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09969	what did james william benson die from?
www.freebase.com/m/025srgm	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qjt	what is a subject in the periodical applied physics letters 
www.freebase.com/m/0jjw	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w74yk	who is an author of art
www.freebase.com/m/0kj04pv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/01j594_	what is the release from energy
www.freebase.com/m/0nqsp00	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is the release apocalyptic from
www.freebase.com/m/05_lhx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/07mb3r	who directed the lovers on the bridge?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdx4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01k5qd	where was johann palisa born?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh7g8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	What is the subject of amazing and wonderful mind machines you can build?
www.freebase.com/m/02w10lc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what type of movie is francis
www.freebase.com/m/011q5_	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pgzhd	What's inside greenport
www.freebase.com/m/01j27j0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is farewell concert
www.freebase.com/m/063_wk3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of film is to die like a man
www.freebase.com/m/0dqwc2k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is no money down an example of
www.freebase.com/m/089_x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w7p0d	Name a work about the 20th century
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0q5sg88	which album is single (music)
www.freebase.com/m/015pnms	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bgglp	Who recorded zift
www.freebase.com/m/01qs2vn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	what label signed catherine britt
www.freebase.com/m/03m7_r1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what type of music is kill ii this 
www.freebase.com/m/06vpkv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is robin nedwell's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clw9kc	name a culinary school in the united states 
www.freebase.com/m/040r_0w	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02g5v2	who developed battlefield 2142
www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0b75wm3	what discovery was made by the la silla observatory
www.freebase.com/m/01mywkw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02frhbc	where are the norfolk & western originally based out of
www.freebase.com/m/01l3r2t	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032prqt	what was the name of one of the editions of nugent (album)
www.freebase.com/m/04fk3d_	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/sport	www.freebase.com/m/06f41	what sport features mens lightweight double sculls
www.freebase.com/m/017371	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j3jpz	what is a rockabilly album?
www.freebase.com/m/033l7dx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what is the region that alchemy is released from 
www.freebase.com/m/0zpt_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ct0r0	Who is a famous person born in emporium
www.freebase.com/m/0zmxf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cjp42	who is man born in levittown
www.freebase.com/m/03j0k0t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nrqx2	what is manchester
www.freebase.com/m/0270mfy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre is the album legiao urbana - acustico mtv?
www.freebase.com/m/08_22t	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	What is the lowest grade taught at konawaena high school
www.freebase.com/m/096qf9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the film christmas child?
www.freebase.com/m/03grfl9	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01vq3	what was the subject of the film snow
www.freebase.com/m/0rlpg	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/025x2nj	what structure is found at vero beach, florida
www.freebase.com/m/03bmmz_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lwt3b1	what is a song from signature sounds, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/0n66y3r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	What is binge daniels?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0k6_bz9	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/025sgy6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	The film The match king is not in color so it is in what?
www.freebase.com/m/03j_q	www.freebase.com/computer/programming_language/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02jy2q	what type of language is haskell
www.freebase.com/m/0134csx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0nw68h	what is the canonical version of the recording sweden?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/07y5rg	Who is  a human character
www.freebase.com/m/061xj2	www.freebase.com/user/szaijan/fantasy_football/player/nfl_team	www.freebase.com/m/0ws7	What team has j. j. arrington played for
www.freebase.com/m/049_h2k	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/042d1	Who was south monroe named after
www.freebase.com/m/05b0rc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	What is the birth place of leo drey
www.freebase.com/m/02vxj5v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	where did ole olsen last live before he passed away
www.freebase.com/m/03c49zn	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02hc7q	Who directed the film annie
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0660cy7	Name a alternative rock artist.
www.freebase.com/m/0h6f21g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	name linda jean marlowe  gender
www.freebase.com/m/0zpf1ls	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What type of musical composition is the crane wife 3
www.freebase.com/m/0pwkfy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What kind of musical format is canada?
www.freebase.com/m/080flp0	www.freebase.com/sports/multi_event_tournament/events	www.freebase.com/m/0dlnz7m	what are some of the events that took place in 2010 wimbledon championships?
www.freebase.com/m/05z4ws	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dnk7wt	what was the cause of death for brian adams (wrestler)
www.freebase.com/m/01ttlg3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	Where was sir shina peters born?
www.freebase.com/m/03qnjvk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is axel bergstedt's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/09lc9	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification_rank/organism_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/0b6lgpy	whats an example of a genus
www.freebase.com/m/0nrnz0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0371cqn	who recorded bruce lee
www.freebase.com/m/0ggml7_	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/02v5_g	kathleen detoro was the costume designer for this film
www.freebase.com/m/01s1pbv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what is the genre of the artist the checks
www.freebase.com/m/0zx4cp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/037nrf	Who was the producer of the recording where is your heart?
www.freebase.com/m/0hrbypt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hptm	in which city of New Jersey was nick picciuto born
www.freebase.com/m/02v_k1q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/026c43z	What species is romulus?
www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w9hwv	Name a book that contains the subject of espionage.
www.freebase.com/m/0wpc3cs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where was jan zeman originally from
www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/09mf66	Name a type of private university
www.freebase.com/m/02k_4g	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05dfxm9	Name an episode from the tv show the practice. 
www.freebase.com/m/02__5c	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/03p5r	geoffrey was the son of who?
www.freebase.com/m/0ly9x	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/076xt7f	what is a city in braxton county, west virginia
www.freebase.com/m/0rshf6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03fbc	who produced clint eastwood (album version)
www.freebase.com/m/098rk4	www.freebase.com/theater/theater/theatrical_productions_staged_here	www.freebase.com/m/0kblzzn	What's a production performed at richard rodgers theatre?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxzqls	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/03s0c	What type of geographical feature is werd
www.freebase.com/m/0c6bsj	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/owner	www.freebase.com/m/060ppp	who is the owner of abilene reporter-news
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0f_xf_	Who is a baseball player that plays pitcher?
www.freebase.com/m/01zyfhq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jgj7	What county uses the area code 32926
www.freebase.com/m/0dzzsfg	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dzzsdl	name a release in the album poems.
www.freebase.com/m/01jqtk2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what books are about the subject art
www.freebase.com/m/08lxzh	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/08c4mv	what film was written by larry gross
www.freebase.com/m/04wb1rs	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what is the genre of the book supper time
www.freebase.com/m/07xf6y	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	What language is 6teen broadcast in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_w5_	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clv_3f	which college can be found in clarksville
www.freebase.com/m/0kypjj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of  crappy little demo
www.freebase.com/m/02rhq2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what deadly disease killed fred m. vinson
www.freebase.com/m/0140qt	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06bfw_	What is a language that is one of the west germanic languages
www.freebase.com/m/03hkmxs	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/05tzmr	who owns the capital life radio station
www.freebase.com/m/01x6c0	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_service_type/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/0cp4d_s	What is the name of a bus rapid transit line
www.freebase.com/m/018bdgz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04n32	who recorded the song makin whoopee
www.freebase.com/m/0g0mz6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rg63	what is the name of the city where  john brewster, jr. was born
www.freebase.com/m/0521prm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation filmed spread
www.freebase.com/m/0112qpm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l5rfm	what artist recorded after hours?
www.freebase.com/m/07ch05h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what kind of movie is the wish that changed christmas
www.freebase.com/m/025tjk_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dp7_y	Name an underground hip hop album
www.freebase.com/m/035pvg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02swsm	what is the label that raven-symon√© is under
www.freebase.com/m/0hgrw8y	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/01my4f	What american writer created eva, ganz mein fall
www.freebase.com/m/01qvjj	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0dt6w	What sector is prs for music associated with 
www.freebase.com/m/0qcxb	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcrv	what time zone is used in kipnuk
www.freebase.com/m/0qs2hzl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016y3j	what type of music is out of view
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qq_qc	What is an example of a speculative fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/01mpvdt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pxxd3	what is a track by the artist joao gilberto?
www.freebase.com/m/050bh26	www.freebase.com/zoos/zoo_exhibit/zoo	www.freebase.com/m/0j53x	What zoo offers the exhibit into africa
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/073jy7	what is an example of a single-player video game
www.freebase.com/m/04z4bxn	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01hpf6	who developed fatal fury 3: road to the final victory
www.freebase.com/m/027q6v5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/059t9l	What episode of Star Trek was lee sheldon a writer on
www.freebase.com/m/09g7lyl	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01qy7b	What army was the 63rd virginia infantry a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0flsg_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	Which instruments does chris gaylor play
www.freebase.com/m/0m3fxv4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03xsn3b	which release has the song gunga din in it?
www.freebase.com/m/04thg7s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is brett schulz from
www.freebase.com/m/04czbn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	What genre is the artist epic mazur?
www.freebase.com/m/05218vs	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0752f	where did the siege of srebrenica take place
www.freebase.com/m/04w7krh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	what is the topic of the stay through the night?
www.freebase.com/m/0crznzg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what type of filmis numb?
www.freebase.com/m/05cfj22	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/terminuses	www.freebase.com/m/01v700	where does oc transpo route 406 end
www.freebase.com/m/01k7y09	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qx_ml	What is the name of a track created by tha dogg pound
www.freebase.com/m/01rbwgj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/012lwfx	What is the name of a track off of calling in the lions?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhlb6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what is a language featured on the hound of the baskervilles 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cd3m	What's a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0g7wryn	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was ok computer released as 
www.freebase.com/m/0tbmg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	what state is goddard in
www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/035w6f	who is a German scientist
www.freebase.com/m/02brqp	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0fmy9x	What is a game published at microsoft studios?
www.freebase.com/m/01nk0sd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what kind of genre is wood/water
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07k9hr4	what is a film in the dramagenre
www.freebase.com/m/01x20hs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qs4tb	What is a song that art of trance has written
www.freebase.com/m/099mmt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the written work "The Geography of Nowhere"?
www.freebase.com/m/0wfxgj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033psks	What album is the song traitor from
www.freebase.com/m/0ftxlft	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what genre of music does the album light you up belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/05wk64	what is a multiplayer game?
www.freebase.com/m/01097_	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/01097_	where is benbrook
www.freebase.com/m/035wrks	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was the rock 'n' roll era: weird, wild & wacky released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02q741w	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was peter ibbetson filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0gyv95g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music is on revolution per minute
www.freebase.com/m/0ds6hpj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05f_3	which languages is age of heroesfilmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y9m40	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is the nationality of  richard taundry
www.freebase.com/m/02y_4xw	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0k38sft	What musical group did Marsha Ambrosius compose for?
www.freebase.com/m/08ktfn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09dg33	which district is devprayag located in
www.freebase.com/m/0fdzc7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	which music genre is the lost cabin and the mystery trees 
www.freebase.com/m/0dzhhm	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/044kwr	Who produced the love nest?
www.freebase.com/m/0138c1	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is red sonja's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0264nf9	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/018jz	What sport did the washington senators (1891-1899) paly
www.freebase.com/m/0_ktnq8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02l3ys	If I go to http://www.allseasonshire.eu/, what will I find
www.freebase.com/m/03j0k31	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04gmks	which label is yelle signed to
www.freebase.com/m/05b11zj	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what soccer position does juan carlos ecomba play
www.freebase.com/m/0dqj_4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/04pk9	What is michael bartosh's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/0h51n6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is senses working overtime
www.freebase.com/m/04vqj0c	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/04q1kj	who is the editor for arkansas
www.freebase.com/m/09cmx4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qjc	what is the topic of drummer hoff?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/03cl1qp	Who is a well-known boxing
www.freebase.com/m/01twnz8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01g7zj	whats the name of the ethnicity of lydia mendoza
www.freebase.com/m/0361c01	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lc5rrn	what is a song on comin' from the heart of the ghetto 
www.freebase.com/m/0k181	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/02dpl9	which movie was directed by jean-pierre jeunet
www.freebase.com/m/047bs96	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is temeceka harris
www.freebase.com/m/035h538	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where was amerikan gothick released?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3n81	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0171b8	where was the birth place of ar≈´nas matelis
www.freebase.com/m/02vmtm1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/084_f	Where was gerald ashby born
www.freebase.com/m/0cs13m2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	What kind of netflix film is joe guitar hughes: texas bluesman?
www.freebase.com/m/04trdmg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/04t1gkp	which book is the edition  scarecrow from
www.freebase.com/m/045yh_h	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03410t	who developed wik and the fable of souls
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h9x8c	What's an adventure film released in 1994
www.freebase.com/m/0np1xgv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hprzx3	who is poison by?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_h25n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city was joseph leon born in
www.freebase.com/m/04fcwy3	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gwgn6	what films have been directed by ricky echolette?
www.freebase.com/m/027jk	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0gsrz4	what time zone is  djibouti located in
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b2km_	What is the name of a drama involving September 11? 
www.freebase.com/m/0b1wkr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is the country that john brackstone claims nationality
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04ybsr6	Name a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/09rmm6y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	what kind of genre of film is crashing hollywood
www.freebase.com/m/04w6cy3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	which type of book does my robot buddy associate with
www.freebase.com/m/035r7t	www.freebase.com/book/school_or_movement/associated_authors	www.freebase.com/m/07b8kh	who are authors associated with postmodern literature
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsh1z	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	How can olive pollen be given?
www.freebase.com/m/0738vs	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/01_8gw	who is the designer of gossip
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03ntb74	Who is a famous asian film producer?
www.freebase.com/m/073wsj	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	What is the main country where people speak tu language
www.freebase.com/m/036wkzq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lg7wsp	what is a track on batten the hatches
www.freebase.com/m/03fqt88	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dn12ym	what is a song included in roam
www.freebase.com/m/028ylk6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0czzl	which company published the undercover economist 
www.freebase.com/m/045lz6	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06jcbmw	what type of creative works has henry king written
www.freebase.com/m/0f_1px_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country was worlds end recorded in
www.freebase.com/m/0j_35b8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was surbhi tiwari born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhps0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03506_v	What compilation album is the game featured on
www.freebase.com/m/07th0sj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is alecia batson male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0kcshcw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	What is marja habraken's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0cv727y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	Where was leo donnelly born?
www.freebase.com/m/01phy_	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0g5llry	what is the religion of  shawn bradley
www.freebase.com/m/03136z9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where was resurrection released?
www.freebase.com/m/04v09	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/fictional_characters_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h50kjk	what fictional character was born in mali
www.freebase.com/m/0hgm_yl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	Which category of celestial object is (35317) 1997 aq23
www.freebase.com/m/0hy_zqq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language that wheres elmer? is in?
www.freebase.com/m/02sn34	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05p7q0f	name a person who was born in kiev.
www.freebase.com/m/0dxnh6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/059ltl	Who is the creator of zom?
www.freebase.com/m/01g380	www.freebase.com/opera/opera/librettist	www.freebase.com/m/039jjn	who was the librettist of porgy and bess
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bhbjw6	A film in the punk rock genre is?
www.freebase.com/m/05m1772	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is 1992 penfolds grange from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf0kjj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n17l2_	what track list is on nepali punk, it's just the beginning
www.freebase.com/m/0crg9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03jh047	what album was created by noel coward
www.freebase.com/m/02ndcz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02lt8	who wrote the fall of the house of usher
www.freebase.com/m/06m9xg	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	what is ardrossan's time zone
www.freebase.com/m/02xnjd	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0d90m	Avi arad was the executive producer on what film?
www.freebase.com/m/0283c5h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0m75g	Where did harry altham die
www.freebase.com/m/04whsvc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is fredericksburg
www.freebase.com/m/0gmc304	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	Which sport is the film Two Half Times in Hell based on?
www.freebase.com/m/04cr7h7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	What is a theme in the piece ah, but your land is beautiful
www.freebase.com/m/0dvdvzc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f60ydg	what track did the artist the polyamorous affair record
www.freebase.com/m/0dqg9s4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m9gc1r	what is a track on the recording stroke
www.freebase.com/m/0285zk8	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02znwv	who is the director for wild girl
www.freebase.com/m/04w9qp9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04ggjbk	What is the supper of the lamb about?
www.freebase.com/m/01k2vb5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	charles earland's jazz organ summit was released as what
www.freebase.com/m/03v9lv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	What type of content does anderson cooper 360 address
www.freebase.com/m/017cjb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026xnqn	name a person who was born in stoke-on-trent.
www.freebase.com/m/0hm_xm1	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/016fjj	what is the name of a child of rosalie russell
www.freebase.com/m/087h_9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender group does nagesh kukunoor belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01bfk_0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dz5w7m	What release is imf escape on?
www.freebase.com/m/03ghcb3	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/wine_sub_region	www.freebase.com/m/0l35f	what wine county does 2005 dry creek vineyard \\"old vine\\" zinfandel come from
www.freebase.com/m/0c1d_y0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of film is sound collector
www.freebase.com/m/0gxtknx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ww5	what country was seven psychopaths filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/0l_tqxy	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fswsq	what release can jesus be found on
www.freebase.com/m/0fzv2y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqpvbw	What a drug manufactured by watson pharmaceuticals
www.freebase.com/m/04n1p90	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what film genre is the movie pontypool
www.freebase.com/m/01mrrv0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f6vt37	What is a track by gabriela anders?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4k_py	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what region of the world was boston released in
www.freebase.com/m/059g4	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/035dlf	what is a river in north america
www.freebase.com/m/01h_tjg	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the essential collection (disc 2)?
www.freebase.com/m/048s18l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	What state is daysville within
www.freebase.com/m/01kg44	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m8b	What genre of netflix is waking life in?
www.freebase.com/m/05f31_y	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02sjp	what music is in espion, l√®ve-toi?
www.freebase.com/m/059pbkk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	who developed street fighter alpha 2
www.freebase.com/m/09949m	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/074y16	WHo was born in istanbul
www.freebase.com/m/03d5cnb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the black leather jacket in?
www.freebase.com/m/0nh0v0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/04mvnw	who produced the track well meet again?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlpw_	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	who developed gun.smoke
www.freebase.com/m/0yt8ldw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is confirmation
www.freebase.com/m/013783x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04wt_m	what artist recorded railroad bill?
www.freebase.com/m/04whn5f	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the subject of alberto giacometti in postwar paris?
www.freebase.com/m/0kxf1	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bh0sn	the film battleground featured music by what artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0pxw1w9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What film genre does a tea time conversation fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/03j3kw1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was lez zeppelin from
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7w8j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What type of film is cold star
www.freebase.com/m/03mr2j	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of book is diary
www.freebase.com/m/01_c9p4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country contains lynnville
www.freebase.com/m/03tmv8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	in what european city di geoff bent die
www.freebase.com/m/065zdbl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0mn6	what profession does rick mather have
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_skf44	which film is considered to be a  documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/01w495w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01ktyg5	what is an album recorded by rahzel
www.freebase.com/m/02byr7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015kg1	What label is gofrenzalgo signed to
www.freebase.com/m/02s461	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ch5tzm	What is the name of a film directed by hideo nakata
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/08lzsm	What are the names of asteroids in the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0dvz6ph	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	spartacus is what 
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0_qvpk4	who does photography
www.freebase.com/m/0p5cqp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0d6d2	who recorded perdition (piano duet)
www.freebase.com/m/048wvcw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n_94	Where is snow springs located?
www.freebase.com/m/07pqtz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	what kind of music does duels create 
www.freebase.com/m/026d33f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	What is the birth place of gerson acevedo?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_kjk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What kind of film is to die for
www.freebase.com/m/06x1hp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	which city in texas does kxan-tv services?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj6vy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrz41	who wrote the lyrics for be prepared?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyp4x5	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03z9k8	What is the publisher for the game "Castle Crashers"?
www.freebase.com/m/02x2y5r	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position in soccer does cristian dancia play 
www.freebase.com/m/0gksc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	which language is used in one hour with you
www.freebase.com/m/032c5t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	What kind of tv program is bbc newsline?
www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/049grnf	who was born in munich
www.freebase.com/m/03fzl5t	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01hykl_	What band released the album radio, radio, radio?
www.freebase.com/m/03jcvbd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of tides?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtmb1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is terbutaline sulfate 5 tablet considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/0t_7g6d	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	What type of work does isabelle champeau do
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cvcdtq	what is the title of a netflix  horror film
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0h7dd	What actress died from myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0chkn74	What is an example of a thriller (genre) 
www.freebase.com/m/0k2jmw3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is c. austin miles gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05s_z2n	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/parents	www.freebase.com/m/07rgn	Who is the parent of she-hulk (lyra)?
www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t0nyz	What is the name of a book about the world
www.freebase.com/m/085ws0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	Which instrument did pete barnacle play?
www.freebase.com/m/03145	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/081k8	What playwright influenced fernando pessoa
www.freebase.com/m/05rf4l	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wd33	where was prince caspian born
www.freebase.com/m/0j2lbck	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ylj	what is pedro hernandez's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0tph1xm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0g7rg7k	what is the recording with the self titled track shes like the wind
www.freebase.com/m/026q7b8	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what type of school was  paul m. dorman high school
www.freebase.com/m/0d4wpd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02k9ydn	What is der sturm?
www.freebase.com/m/01n55jb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dxc3mh	What's a track from marmalade
www.freebase.com/m/0cs4r2v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is for my wife?
www.freebase.com/m/0dz4n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	how did marion zimmer bradley die 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05c2pd_	What's an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/022fdt	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/01ngvm	who is a famous armenians novelist and playwright 
www.freebase.com/m/0tptf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nm8n	Where is aurora located?
www.freebase.com/m/09p7zl	www.freebase.com/user/szaijan/fantasy_football/player/position	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	what position does troy walters play in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/027dwnk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/080601t	Who is the record label of the cro-magnons?
www.freebase.com/m/02kh4w	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/includes_causes_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04y5l76	Whats a type of injury that could result in death
www.freebase.com/m/03cg8j8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	What position did tommy steel play?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hxst7	what album is rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/0y5t_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	where is the location of patterson?  
www.freebase.com/m/04nl6y7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	What is liubomiras lauciavicius's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0qfxsdc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of live music europe 2010 
www.freebase.com/m/04wcp8d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/015ll	what is the topic of the official rules of chess
www.freebase.com/m/09gmgcv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type of music is adam taubitz known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0bvy8g6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What was the gender of micheline bona?
www.freebase.com/m/0m19rdm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j732z	What album is santa claus is coming to town from?
www.freebase.com/m/0g500w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018ym2	according to records, where was hafƒ±z ahmed pasha born
www.freebase.com/m/0t_4_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09yvsy	Name a famous hockey player born in medford, massachusetts
www.freebase.com/m/02rnyw	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01999l	Who manufactured handley page halifax?
www.freebase.com/m/04q2dp_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7g	what artist made the album the storyman
www.freebase.com/m/03yw5h3	www.freebase.com/type/type/instance	www.freebase.com/m/0b2r0	What's a common fruit in asia
www.freebase.com/m/0404z3b	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is  maribor synagogues religion
www.freebase.com/m/05y12xw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is sanford berman's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01nlhg2	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02r6n56	which film did barry gray make the music for 
www.freebase.com/m/06ngbw	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0170hg	who is camp douglas (chicago) named after
www.freebase.com/m/0j29twp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013mbz	where was michael choice born 
www.freebase.com/m/0282wvn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what netflix genre does the title family fall under
www.freebase.com/m/0fw3kd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/010ckxv	WHat's a song from the freeze
www.freebase.com/m/0dw8cd	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0bx2x	What larger conflict was the battle of yijing a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02p_p2k	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/04c8kf	who wrote whole new thing
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w84cr	what is a history book
www.freebase.com/m/037rhs7	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is helium from
www.freebase.com/m/04v9x5q	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	what city in pennsylvania was sister carrie published
www.freebase.com/m/0w2syht	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What type of album is war requiem op. 66
www.freebase.com/m/0js8wyw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwrpy	what language is the pirogue in 
www.freebase.com/m/04g0g9d	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/09fc83	what films was nelson coates a film production designer for?
www.freebase.com/m/026n9yk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	what country is money filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/08cf_q	what is the film of the netflix genre france
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01jvpz	what person is a writer?
www.freebase.com/m/082d1n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is garam masala in
www.freebase.com/m/01q_22	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qgyxw	who was born in srinagar
www.freebase.com/m/0bm8ntn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in stryker of the yard?
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/08fv_1	What is an action game?
www.freebase.com/m/07_2pj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	which gender does jan mclucas belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02z31dn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what nationality is jean-marc leclercq
www.freebase.com/m/06zsrdh	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which world war did oskar-hubert dennhardt fight in
www.freebase.com/m/03wh1yc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/025504	What company created the show who wants to be a millionaire?
www.freebase.com/m/03qmysw	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	what baseball position does hunter jones have
www.freebase.com/m/0dpmpp0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01kd57	Who produced the song desert of our love
www.freebase.com/m/0shl15j	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was cast released 
www.freebase.com/m/02qkg8m	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the madam satan located 
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/044q56	What is the name of a film in the action film genre
www.freebase.com/m/02pzk_v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	what caused kakuji kakuta's death
www.freebase.com/m/059t8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gzxvx	What's a college located in nova scotia
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02r_8ng	What is a compilation album in the progressive rock genre? 
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0_bnzq3	what person is part of the jewish people??
www.freebase.com/m/04v69rw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/056113	This is the editor of the book social revolutions in the modern world.
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k092v	What is the title of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/05djw1	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v7y63	what book is published by jerry spinelli?
www.freebase.com/m/08s0fn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/013kcv	Where did mel mcgaha die?
www.freebase.com/m/02q9b8w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Matt Franco's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hqt__	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form did the composition forever take
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0h67cq	Who died of cancer?
www.freebase.com/m/0btpm6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22f9	What netflix genre does the film the dark knight (film) belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0zhwy10	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0gdh5	who sang the song sympathetic character
www.freebase.com/m/09w36k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	What was the cause of oswald kabasta's death?
www.freebase.com/m/02tjsj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0154x6	who is the author of ethan frome
www.freebase.com/m/052kp2m	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0213qq	Who is a director of the TV episode  here comes the son
www.freebase.com/m/0g293	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dxbdw0	Name a Latin American music album. 
www.freebase.com/m/027pntq	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04s2z	what was the profession of edward copson
www.freebase.com/m/06s9yr5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is ray richmond
www.freebase.com/m/018nzh	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/04qqww	in what time zone is lantau island located
www.freebase.com/m/049nr2f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m7hwx2	what is the track list for zero point field?
www.freebase.com/m/05tg3	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/01lc8p	what is the philadelphia eagles's home stadium called
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kql_b	what are the names of compilation albums
www.freebase.com/m/0gsyhfv	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what type of film format is the damned filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/056wdx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bbkmj	What is the game genre of monster bash
www.freebase.com/m/0z6whs	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0f901sp	what album is part of columbus
www.freebase.com/m/0w52nw_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0740gt	what kind of television show is freeze?
www.freebase.com/m/026sz42	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride_type/rides	www.freebase.com/m/027lc5x	what is the name of a water ride
www.freebase.com/m/0gg26t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0jdk0	How did bruce gary die
www.freebase.com/m/04whnxg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dc_v	what subject is the biological universe about?
www.freebase.com/m/0669szw	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0f4k5	what is used to treat vitamin b12 deficiency anemia
www.freebase.com/m/0b3_ld	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0d7y7k	Which language does the klickitat (tribe) speak
www.freebase.com/m/04j1mnc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what genre of film is undercover kids
www.freebase.com/m/02kstz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03wny8	Where is ambon, maluku?
www.freebase.com/m/0zr5lww	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0zpc21b	what's one of the songs on the earthquake album
www.freebase.com/m/03xd9c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01dnrs	what was william jowitt, 1st earl jowitt's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/09m6w_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_6n0_	what is debi purcell known for
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06_ycjv	what film is a type of fantasy?
www.freebase.com/m/0qtts6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07r1_	who is the artist of muzzle
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mhmq0	What is the title an indie film ?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x7	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0346hnc	which song was produced by beausoleil
www.freebase.com/m/0b_qx52	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily used in deathwatch
www.freebase.com/m/0b_jtmd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	What country was the commissioner released initially?
www.freebase.com/m/0l6_t2t	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/034ydr9	which releases contain the track portrait?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9wr41	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where is dorothy bartlam from?
www.freebase.com/m/0wbxv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	What country is rijswijk in?
www.freebase.com/m/0k8l79p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01g_k3	What is Ana Lelas' birthplace?
www.freebase.com/m/057xgbr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is metropolis rescore
www.freebase.com/m/0glqfn	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/03vtbc	What is the color of cleveland school of the arts?
www.freebase.com/m/01mhc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is charlemagne
www.freebase.com/m/0493s48	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nnl4	which county is cub run in
www.freebase.com/m/01t032	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/organisms_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0v2wl21	whats an example of a specific type of  golden retriever
www.freebase.com/m/0hzcrdg	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0mvxt	which local area does the greer citizen circulate in
www.freebase.com/m/05y7t_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is daron acemoglu's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/06kgx	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/manga_title/illustrator	www.freebase.com/m/06lt7	who is the illustrator of ranma ¬Ω
www.freebase.com/m/0hkj4	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/028x_0j	arkham house is the publisher behind what novel?
www.freebase.com/m/025tnyc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05m4m8q	what work has the subject of lumber
www.freebase.com/m/01rwhqn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0135tyx	which tracks are produced by psychoplasma?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqwhs4	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0nlz8ct	which is the elton john version of the song believe?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01sp3pr	what are jazz albums
www.freebase.com/m/04t1b8w	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What kind of book is lin mclean
www.freebase.com/m/0_mb4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mvtx	where is cross hill based in
www.freebase.com/m/02qnqhw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of television does le c≈ìur a ses raisons fall underneath?
www.freebase.com/m/010s0mw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0354x1f	which song is part of leeds
www.freebase.com/m/04w72j9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07j7r	this plant is the subject of a history of florida forests.
www.freebase.com/m/04whd18	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	what is the subject of after mary
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/026wqh1	Name a city in brazil.
www.freebase.com/m/04cs8b3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g_z0b	WHat county is dƒÖbr√≥wka, lipno county in
www.freebase.com/m/049k292	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m67v_4	what track was released on countdown 2000
www.freebase.com/m/027yzhf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is theodore hamberg's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/05zww5m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what type of film is to find a man
www.freebase.com/m/02zg0	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/09p_m	what area was frederick douglass an activist in 
www.freebase.com/m/026g6cs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	which genre of music does dan hall play in?
www.freebase.com/m/05b20j_	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What soccer position does detlev dammeier play
www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_gmc	What's a title available in the tagalog language on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7t	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/08d7db	what is the lyrics written by?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jg9p2	what are albums by Ella Fitzgerald
www.freebase.com/m/0crv_0h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what film genre was  ramones blitzkrieg bop: live and loud at cbgb
www.freebase.com/m/03vd96	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what film genre is the movie  the dogwalker
www.freebase.com/m/02ln1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ptj2	Where did edmund husserl die?
www.freebase.com/m/0jx93xr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is roy kayara male or female
www.freebase.com/m/05s_k2k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	what kind of film is super capers
www.freebase.com/m/099p92	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is john t. mcnicholas's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0zknshk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03sz97	who was the lyricist of the song realove?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtnkn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what kind of product is amlodipine besylate 10 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0j1hq11	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	which language does juan jos√© n√∫√±ez d√≠az speak
www.freebase.com/m/0h4dr_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is yawovi agboyibo male or female
www.freebase.com/m/098q_y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0kctd	what is the netflix genre of the film reefer madness
www.freebase.com/m/02qs_nr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	in what state would you find princeton university graduate college?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0w43	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What kind of celestial object is 1480 aunus?
www.freebase.com/m/0sp9w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	What state is cannelton in
www.freebase.com/m/0slqsdd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0139ps	What musician released reggae anthology: sweet reggae music (1979-84)
www.freebase.com/m/09kn9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0hpgj1r	What's an episode from the series stargate sg-1
www.freebase.com/m/0gr_cw	www.freebase.com/religion/religious_leadership_jurisdiction/organisation	www.freebase.com/m/02vxy_	what organization is the roman catholic diocese of regensburg under?
www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08dx4q	Name someone who was born in sao paulo
www.freebase.com/m/0f7gnss	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0f6jz	who is the artist of dee gee days: the savoy sessions
www.freebase.com/m/0436nq	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m3b1t	Which artist is associated with the sony classical record label
www.freebase.com/m/02x73h	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0jc4xqf	what lyrics did nancy wilson write
www.freebase.com/m/0dmjx8c	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03c602	What musician released best of
www.freebase.com/m/0rsjf	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/08j0k7	What is a yearly tourist attraction in daytona beach
www.freebase.com/m/0dx7rh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09jw2	Which genre of music does the sohodolls perform?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gc335b	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/05kv3z	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is auvergne (region) located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1cl2t	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/05cknf	What featured artists was on the album "Perfect Timing"?
www.freebase.com/m/01wlhc2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what caused kin vassy's death
www.freebase.com/m/03d1jjh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country was the road a year long filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/06m1b6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is i love you to death?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f2t9xc	what is a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/045bpj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0nn36	what county did isaac shelby die in
www.freebase.com/m/0_k7jmt	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what kind of format is good morning (darling)?
www.freebase.com/m/0hh21	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04n4bnz	what is the name of an album by  bbc radiophonic workshop
www.freebase.com/m/0hgr6	www.freebase.com/base/textiles/textile/textile_weave	www.freebase.com/m/02xhmpq	what type of textile weave is used to manufacture denim
www.freebase.com/m/0mvnsfx	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/01n2vy	What is an airport near denver marriott tech center?
www.freebase.com/m/02rnb72	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What genre of music was created by the artist gary jenkins
www.freebase.com/m/018c7w1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0354mb9	what release came from the recording new york
www.freebase.com/m/0dfh49	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats the language of the film  live freaky! die freaky!
www.freebase.com/m/08v7ql	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4h	what is hilderaldo bellini's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/07rxhhc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/works_set_here	www.freebase.com/m/05f4vxd	what show is set at william mckinley high school
www.freebase.com/m/01ssf9t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rggk_3	what tracks are by dj khaled?
www.freebase.com/m/0x0ftt5	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of suhrud godbole
www.freebase.com/m/01w_zq2	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0h2b81	Who did andre breton inlfuence?
www.freebase.com/m/0278lxs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03kjh	where in australia was james plimsoll's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/02w30mk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is m. s. gill's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0lfqrs	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0frl0lv	which version was from the single for whom the bell tolls
www.freebase.com/m/0h36k	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0gynx	Who is a character from the return of the king?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kvqck	Name a dance music album that consists of remix compilation.
www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0cjk9	What is a language spoken in russia?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3_q_q	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country was indraprastham filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0f7gf9j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01hl3b4	What album was smooth criminal released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhlw8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlx	what does john paxton do
www.freebase.com/m/02yc5b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g41_8	who was born in christchurch
www.freebase.com/m/045wq0b	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	What kind of book is careless in red
www.freebase.com/m/07f6kh	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/05_rdb	what characters have ramona fradon created?
www.freebase.com/m/01540h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018f5bh	what is a track performed by philharmonia orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/0293hbs	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/0nb3n	what kind of sword is talwar hind√∫ sxvii
www.freebase.com/m/0fvh_8s	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fsl_p5	what is a track from new york collection, 1950?
www.freebase.com/m/01cnq9x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06d5y9	Who recorded that girl?
www.freebase.com/m/02r98vh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	where was alfred dorfer born at?
www.freebase.com/m/04whwwz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/071t3v	who is the author of warrior queen
www.freebase.com/m/076wq22	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what is janice man's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/03g55pq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is the reminder
www.freebase.com/m/01tvvm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what movie genre is the score
www.freebase.com/m/02pwwql	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/02q9h81	What did snow angels (film) adapt from?
www.freebase.com/m/0410kgr	www.freebase.com/base/socialdance/dancer/styles	www.freebase.com/m/017xql	what type of dance style does jaime ohm dance 
www.freebase.com/m/09k5zf5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0g8gq	where did johann ernst bach ii die
www.freebase.com/m/0bkv0	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzcf78	what is the administrative area type of kassel?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bs2_p7	what movie is considered to be an indie film?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crdvv0	What's an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/01ntnf	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0bqr6gf	what did oscar levant author
www.freebase.com/m/027_ygn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is john smith profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05f8fq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0x5v7	What is the place of birth of martin e. marty
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0410w4h	Name an african american anchorwoman from Littleton?
www.freebase.com/m/0l2dzz7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0q4gq4	what recording is on the track india
www.freebase.com/m/0n5bhjv	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01kws5s	who is patricia kennedy's son
www.freebase.com/m/02xc1sr	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/iso_setting	www.freebase.com/m/04p7pwg	what is an iso setting on a nikon d3?
www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/0g9w94k	which meteorological phenomenon occurred in Australia on 2011
www.freebase.com/m/0983v	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/04npy6	what is the restaurant that serves barbecue?
www.freebase.com/m/0408r__	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what genre of computer vide games is mortal online
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt49w	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	What is the route of  hydrocortisone acetate 
www.freebase.com/m/03g3bm	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01rv7x	what is m. s. swaminathan's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/05mwrp9	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0c3c2y	which film festival was french california shown at?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_3cf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what is the genre for the tv program deserving design
www.freebase.com/m/03qnqjf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02ssdj	where is el silencio, panama located?
www.freebase.com/m/03m3vfz	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/02nq_9	what company is named after walter landor
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03f_rt5	what is an album named
www.freebase.com/m/014nd5k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k6f_4	who is teh artist that recorded the song christopher columbus?
www.freebase.com/m/0365zbz	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is the last temptation a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/0_q8znv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which genre of film is longing
www.freebase.com/m/0yq0712	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	in which country did the film atomski s desna take place
www.freebase.com/m/0nnspdv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_jymbs	what is a recording of night 
www.freebase.com/m/03qld9x	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does jorge barrera play
www.freebase.com/m/05zl1wd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music does neil landon write
www.freebase.com/m/0_r08sj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of program is itazura na kiss
www.freebase.com/m/03l353	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/03g7vdj	what is the soundtrack title of the film escaflowne (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0f3jmxr	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format is the diseased and the poisoned available in
www.freebase.com/m/0t57q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is olmitz located 
www.freebase.com/m/0cc085	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	What is baek ji-hoon known for being
www.freebase.com/m/04t0nd7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	whats a subject of the written work  japan in war and peace
www.freebase.com/m/01tjvv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02ysm7	Who was born in durban
www.freebase.com/m/087cg0	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is st. francis preparatory school's color
www.freebase.com/m/0_k2wtf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01s2tk	who was the lyricist of no prayer for the dying
www.freebase.com/m/04wd4bw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	what kind of book is farnsworth on contracts?
www.freebase.com/m/034cm	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8t9l	what book discusses about great britain
www.freebase.com/m/047sc20	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what is the genre of the film the menace to carlotta
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2j1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of trichophyton mixture
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gfpxds	What is the name of a popular romance film
www.freebase.com/m/04gmks	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0397s42	What is a release from barclay records?
www.freebase.com/m/09sc13_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken throughout argentine nights
www.freebase.com/m/02rylsh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country was francesco giavazzi born in
www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03nsv3	Who is an artist under the label of universal music group
www.freebase.com/m/02cbwr	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_breeder/horses_bred	www.freebase.com/m/02z357t	Which horse was bred from charles wood, 2nd earl of halifax?
www.freebase.com/m/03nqnnk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was searching for debra winger filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02qr69m	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/04rtpt	What company produced the film changeling?
www.freebase.com/m/02pvt_	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rkt	what kind of software system is dendral
www.freebase.com/m/0g4gyz3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What genre of program is creature comforts?
www.freebase.com/m/0rqdfq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0280kcj	which artist recorded fast food
www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/03y8467	Name a discovery made at palomar observatory
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h5n7c	which actor was born in england?
www.freebase.com/m/076d59	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0pc6trn	who is maureen starkey tigrett's child?
www.freebase.com/m/01vy9z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq24lg	Which netflix genre is 7th heaven apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgpky	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What's the subject of woe to live on
www.freebase.com/m/03gqmlz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03qzmm	where did denys de la patelli√®re die
www.freebase.com/m/0dsgvf0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vbxg	which artist released the album 10cc collected
www.freebase.com/m/015w6q	www.freebase.com/interests/collection_category/items_in_this_category	www.freebase.com/m/05glwfd	what type of barbie was released in 1993
www.freebase.com/m/0sqp6nx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lrt4w	who is the artist that released the album in a time lapse
www.freebase.com/m/0d51rg	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/026l115	which school district does olathe east high school belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0g4jlzd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	under what genre is the film all the night long
www.freebase.com/m/08jqdn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did to see you have?
www.freebase.com/m/0m2b5	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04yhfc6	Which bridge is located in navajo county, arizona
www.freebase.com/m/04dgkq	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/092mnw	which fairfax county public schools was founded in 1967?
www.freebase.com/m/025glc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is john denham (politician) from
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03ck7n6	what movie uses Spanish language in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04l258	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02lz8q	Which city and country was toni branca born in
www.freebase.com/m/04fk36r	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/sport	www.freebase.com/m/071t0	what types of sport is mens double trap
www.freebase.com/m/0k_rxv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	what kind of genre does izegrim play 
www.freebase.com/m/0fp5z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/0292k1r	what image is about limerick?
www.freebase.com/m/07wrz	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/04x0_x	Who was the founder of university of chicago
www.freebase.com/m/0hjb_7f	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/055c8	which famous actor is the son of mayme edna revere
www.freebase.com/m/01cy3_j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030dnw6	which release is mississippi from?
www.freebase.com/m/04gqwcy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what is the genre in the movie the mcconnell story
www.freebase.com/m/01lwfc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05tctl	where was hugh maclennan born
www.freebase.com/m/0d40x1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	what country is garbally college in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mymvlh	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g34s0j	What musical release was beautiful girls from
www.freebase.com/m/02pqvm	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0fm5n	what is clonidine used for
www.freebase.com/m/0kyqg96	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/066kp	in which platform does the mummy returns play
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0spc8wk	Name a soundtrack album
www.freebase.com/m/0fm6lxz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was electric blue released?
www.freebase.com/m/0bgk703	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where was into the dark released?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03chvw5	which film is in the genre drama
www.freebase.com/m/0crt7vh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What is the country of origin of the film zero woman: assassin lovers?
www.freebase.com/m/0y4_d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	What genre of music is public image ltd?
www.freebase.com/m/0dhh4	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/021n76	which island group is formentera a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dp5f19	what is an album by bo diddley 
www.freebase.com/m/08qqsw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film death run in
www.freebase.com/m/0fdkdd2	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what format was cocaine released?
www.freebase.com/m/0rppls5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What is the nationality of mercedes alonso
www.freebase.com/m/0wp_t_z	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was paula filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/043q534	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02qpbqj	what position does mike tolbert play
www.freebase.com/m/0nyyw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048wmxz	What's a place is richmond county
www.freebase.com/m/07ndr3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqmb31	What drug does mylan laboratories inc. make?
www.freebase.com/m/01bnd8x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015phm	Who recorded the track take me where you go
www.freebase.com/m/01j3ddf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the magic touch: an anthology released
www.freebase.com/m/048hvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/093z50f	who did the costume design on the movie van wilder
www.freebase.com/m/06rxhn	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/02bm_x	is tim thomas right or left handed
www.freebase.com/m/0nl9cm_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07k64s8	Who is the artist that recorded the story of my life
www.freebase.com/m/0kjsdk2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0167b0r	which albums contain the track blown away?
www.freebase.com/m/08w0ws	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was the honey, i shrunk the audience! movie filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0bfld6w	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released the kinks choral collection
www.freebase.com/m/0rjw7k8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rk63jr	what track is featured on firstborn
www.freebase.com/m/042bjf	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	What is an instrument that dominic howard plays?
www.freebase.com/m/0_wp0z9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the composition pony st. in? 
www.freebase.com/m/0kblzhz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	tony knight is from which country?
www.freebase.com/m/0hzpf0d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is two town rowdy?
www.freebase.com/m/0zgwd20	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What was shahzad ghufoor know for 
www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hlpcd	which game version was published by the cvg publisher atari
www.freebase.com/m/0cgx3nv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What kind of album is aperture
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fppfc0	What is an example of a western (genre) film?
www.freebase.com/m/02jjt	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/08s_s3	what is the name of an entertainment company
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nylbg	what is a soul music album?
www.freebase.com/m/026_g0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0c1vxt	what illness was suffered by hope lange
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0c7wpd	what are song compositions?
www.freebase.com/m/097s4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/023w0p	what is a civil and political rights group in the us and canada 
www.freebase.com/m/0_0zc_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	what is neil armstrong
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gbx236	Who is someone born in toronto
www.freebase.com/m/0jm_	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0fyp9f	what is the name of an american football team
www.freebase.com/m/01fqyz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	Which genre is the artist saliva associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0crtrnm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	What is voices's genre on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0g997yg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	Where was jacob weigert born
www.freebase.com/m/01jdsj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/064k6lm	What series did go nagai create?
www.freebase.com/m/027np9_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	Where is peter wolf originally from
www.freebase.com/m/01pg1d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0t_gg	where was illeana douglas born?
www.freebase.com/m/0z6tyzn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ylj	which south american country is amor a primera vista from
www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02rpms	Who is an artist known for classical music?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgjpd	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	What form does sun mark stomach relief 262 chewable tablet come in?
www.freebase.com/m/013m1p	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zones is texas city located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gr8yv	what is located in the central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0927_0	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xv3	who is the child of jack jouett
www.freebase.com/m/02hlfsv	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/021298	who developed nhl eastside hockey manager?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmc8qk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04pry	ross medical education center-lansing is in which city?
www.freebase.com/m/0cw1f2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02frhbc	where is the western culinary institute located 
www.freebase.com/m/01jz078	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	what genre of music is irony is a dead scene considered
www.freebase.com/m/0r9l_hq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is danielle comerford a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01z0rv9	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/068bs	berkeley arts magnet is what type of school
www.freebase.com/m/0r59h6w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is whitley david merrifield
www.freebase.com/m/045zx9g	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mt_pp	What's an artist on radioio roots of rock
www.freebase.com/m/05svfg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is george andone vasiliu known as
www.freebase.com/m/05wqr14	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what albums are by j dilla
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/biology/breed_origin/breeds_originating_here	www.freebase.com/m/012jgm	What is the name of a cat breed that comes from canada
www.freebase.com/m/0nnqt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04939_c	which city was located in calloway county, kentucky
www.freebase.com/m/01zsrt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064lqk	what is the genre of the artist five iron frenzy
www.freebase.com/m/0lr86j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fcy482	what is a song on the album cotton candy
www.freebase.com/m/070fnm	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/04pzfz	Who wrote the script for gaslight
www.freebase.com/m/0qbzf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is livingston in
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_origin/horses_from_this_location	www.freebase.com/m/02r_gmb	What is the name of a horse from the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0f95sk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	what is the subject of the written work mary and the giant
www.freebase.com/m/0fx5z9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gives anna maria perez de tagl√© her nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01c1px	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h7p723	Name of friz freleng's films that he was a producer on
www.freebase.com/m/0288r4f	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	where is den ofrivillige golfaren from?
www.freebase.com/m/03ql_ll	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	which football position is joe muha charged of 
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2tlg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of movie is sculpture
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/014pys	whats the name of a folk music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0glz222	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is alexander manockov's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01mdl9h	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type was the album time & chance
www.freebase.com/m/0fpwn_g	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the film jazztime tale (tv movie) from
www.freebase.com/m/06sz1f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z28q	Where was gary holt born?
www.freebase.com/m/0377rng	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0rs_2wt	What is the track list for simply acoustic?
www.freebase.com/m/05661g	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	what is the lowest grade taught at calabasas high school
www.freebase.com/m/01_ggr	www.freebase.com/exhibitions/exhibition/exhibits	www.freebase.com/m/0hgz4k0	What's an exhibit showcased in the armory show
www.freebase.com/m/0fdk75h	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what format was rocket charms released
www.freebase.com/m/0dxrv_f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is success
www.freebase.com/m/05tk6x8	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/child	www.freebase.com/m/03w9bck	what is the child language of the arabic group?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmdx6n	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country was tomorrows a killer released in 
www.freebase.com/m/03flx_q	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was two/three instrumentals released?
www.freebase.com/m/03hklr_	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01hw6wq	who provided the music for the film 12 rounds (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0jmzkpr	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	What is the pier's film format?
www.freebase.com/m/01lr29d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lr24y	what album is by the artist doug stone?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0c40vyz	Name a compilation album.
www.freebase.com/m/0crtqvv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is spoken in papa se volvio loco
www.freebase.com/m/01x5rj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022_6	where was the birthplace of hugh grosvenor, 1st duke of westminster
www.freebase.com/m/04wfjl3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what genre is richard wagner and german opera 
www.freebase.com/m/0glz63g	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was lara-my years with boris pasternak from?
www.freebase.com/m/0p19xp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0172kyp	What is the original version of starvation
www.freebase.com/m/04hqz	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_participating_country/olympics_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0lgxj	which Olympic games did lebanon take park in 
www.freebase.com/m/016mhd	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0byb1pl	who was the producer for the film billy elliot
www.freebase.com/m/0f0wbkn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mdrytn	What is a song off the album the essential bob dylan?
www.freebase.com/m/033p8pr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m072l	what's one of the songs on waiting to exhale
www.freebase.com/m/050ks	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049z6_h	Name a location within Maine?
www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/02x03mc	Who is a musician that plays the keyboard?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc098t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	which profession is jim lau known for
www.freebase.com/m/01mdcc7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is patra (singer)'s nationality
www.freebase.com/m/06g81h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_382w	what is fairlight, east sussex well known for
www.freebase.com/m/0lc96	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0b_2bpn	what's a book that talks extensively about matriarchy
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmzd7	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/06g58b	What is the shape of azithromycin 250 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02x8b59	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw26	What kind of music does miksha make?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/08hm3f	who was considered to be the greatest portuguese goalkeeper in football?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6p5b	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	What type of school is james h. boyd intermediate school
www.freebase.com/m/0h53kjl	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	What is bill cooney's position in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/075z5b6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what medium was used to create arthur wellesley, 1st duke of wellington?
www.freebase.com/m/02hw_s4	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	What is ngwe language
www.freebase.com/m/0_7ttrr	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01389w	who is the lyricist of sally
www.freebase.com/m/05r6n_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What nationality is chris kaman
www.freebase.com/m/0dddyk0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country created the film minotaur, the wild beast of crete
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsjyg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0256v	What is the active ingredient found in relcof-c?
www.freebase.com/m/09g9snk	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0216w1	the infidel was written by whom
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dllk_p	what is the name of a blues-rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0jkygqz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nnfcss	what track did g.t. moore record
www.freebase.com/m/012jfsg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0355bwx	what release came from the recording 2002?
www.freebase.com/m/03ffzwr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f5ydq5	what is a song on the album hits from the heart
www.freebase.com/m/012h0y	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/026p1n	whats the name of a womens rights activist
www.freebase.com/m/03fmkq	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0v53x	What religion is chet edwards a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0j6x1ps	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0h2n0	who was the parent of david mantle
www.freebase.com/m/0hgqgr5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what category does (44439) 1998 ur8 fall in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvjp_x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mbmswp	what is a song on the best of steve harley and cockney rebel
www.freebase.com/m/0glrqj4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	who is mohammed fairouz
www.freebase.com/m/09jxj7d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	whats the genre of the film rainfox.
www.freebase.com/m/07wk_d	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/02rnmb	what is the color for endicott college?
www.freebase.com/m/04f990	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6qyr1	Name a song written by robb johnson.
www.freebase.com/m/0fryd0h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017k66	which artist recorded wake
www.freebase.com/m/0dj0m5	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/063z0kn	Who wrote the film christopher columbus: the discovery
www.freebase.com/m/06fbhs	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_publisher/comic_book_series_published	www.freebase.com/m/08x29	What is the name of a series published by fleetway
www.freebase.com/m/026r68z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0h76mvx	what type of organization is par pharmaceutical
www.freebase.com/m/02ncgt	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0dppm	what is the make of oldsmobile toronado?
www.freebase.com/m/02rc14f	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01r6rr	which thinker influenced ernest lepore 
www.freebase.com/m/0rh19mf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rfkqbb	what track is on raphael
www.freebase.com/m/034z01	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0nfqhfr	which films has nikita mikhalkov produced
www.freebase.com/m/0gbdlpd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	In what region was closer released
www.freebase.com/m/011xz6	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cg_zk3	what kind of object is an acura
www.freebase.com/m/06c0tn	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does footballer ian porterfield play?
www.freebase.com/m/01fqm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02z0rz0	which novelist was born in baghdad?
www.freebase.com/m/064pp8m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the sex of katie jarvis
www.freebase.com/m/05xs7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0w6w	who was petrarch influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04mvy7n	what film is an example of short film?
www.freebase.com/m/09g2y_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what genre is the film bug (2006 film)
www.freebase.com/m/02rldvt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is L.L Marshall?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfgr9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	How did fadwa touqan die
www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01spkz6	Who is an artist that would associated themselves with post-grunge
www.freebase.com/m/03cfl74	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what is the gameplayer mode for europa universalis: rome?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhnl	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02vywwz	Whats the name of a village in goodhue county, minnesota
www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04f038g	what is an example of an experimental rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/0g90fx	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/046_v	Who created the character aginar
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_cv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of glycerine 0.043 swab?
www.freebase.com/m/0h543wd	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03z0l6	who produced the film sarah palin: you betcha!
www.freebase.com/m/02z0j	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05gt92	what person was born in frankfurt
www.freebase.com/m/09v71cj	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0chw_	who was the director for the beaver?
www.freebase.com/m/02h_bxr	www.freebase.com/type/type/instance	www.freebase.com/m/055vr	What is the name of a india state?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhdj61	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of the album live at the shrine auditorium 1967
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fqth81	what is the title of a compilation album featuring more than one artist
www.freebase.com/m/02x07rr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	Where is Anne Spencer's house located?
www.freebase.com/m/0c28y1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	What is the genre of meerkat manor?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmdg4_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09v2j1p	who sang the song stay
www.freebase.com/m/03g3hvv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	The music album before i forget is of what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0b60dw	What is an example of an american station wagon?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgn8lt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzy	Where was antun paliƒá born?
www.freebase.com/m/026xnb8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dhdp	Where was colin bettany born?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcx7q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is bronze
www.freebase.com/m/0f66sjs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is dirty work a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/0n656p3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	what is the nationality of thabo nthethe
www.freebase.com/m/0489zt4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	In which state are the tassajara hot springs located?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch5mr9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/048hhs	where was c. r. subburaman born 
www.freebase.com/m/020mgv	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/04xcjs	Name an anti-racism organization
www.freebase.com/m/0gmg5vn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language do the characters in beware of christians speak
www.freebase.com/m/01d3yx	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/079kr	Which artists played music in jubilee
www.freebase.com/m/0hqzhbl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013n4m	where city was amanda shires born in
www.freebase.com/m/06_w_yf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0v9qg	Where is willie the kid from
www.freebase.com/m/0fm5n	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/027hpx	What can lead to tourette syndrome
www.freebase.com/m/0bwkpy8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the movie 8: the mormon proposition available in
www.freebase.com/m/03vlgt	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07n9mc	Which film did amy heckerling produce?
www.freebase.com/m/03xr52k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m3dzp0	what track would you find on hard candy
www.freebase.com/m/025xk_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	Where did melvin b. tolson die?
www.freebase.com/m/01mbvrl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01pfpt	What kind of music is exhibited by the album aum
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0yq438d	Name a short film.
www.freebase.com/m/02_zft	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hzc9m5	What country is guanica, puerto rico in?
www.freebase.com/m/01x2x16	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what is the genre of music that george bruno money creates
www.freebase.com/m/0dz93n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hzlwy	What's an album made by the bloodhound gang
www.freebase.com/m/06035x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y2bp	where was lara spencer born 
www.freebase.com/m/04bmhp0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mw9y	where is the location of reno?
www.freebase.com/m/04zgs1g	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/vehicle_types	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what vehicle runs on the 041 - joyce station/crown/ubc
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2pk6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is the book of kells: the work of angels?
www.freebase.com/m/019389	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dmmqx3	what songs did billy corgan produce?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0w0lxjm	What is an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/01b528	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0gf4vz4	what is a name of a song by artie shaw
www.freebase.com/m/01z3ym	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtrs9	What is the active ingredient of formulation in triclosan
www.freebase.com/m/043p_y8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which defensive position does facundo arg√ºello play
www.freebase.com/m/01bg47g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f80z3	who is the performer of believe
www.freebase.com/m/04glqvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fs_8	Where was vojtƒõch schulmeister born?
www.freebase.com/m/06fpsx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what is a language featured on the 40-year-old virgin
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0fq0mcx	Name a defensive player in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0y92c6q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0ycrpws	What is one of the songs on the free album?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02_pt1	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/0bqshz6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what was charlotte schwab's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hmt7g3	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/04mh3q	who wrote golden dreams?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9znjt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of movie is driven
www.freebase.com/m/030xp1	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/018sm6	who directed the film killing zoe
www.freebase.com/m/0fdxbkt	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which region was boys don‚Äôt cry released in
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09v74n9	what are punk rock albums
www.freebase.com/m/0bbyc7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xh1	What type of movie is hideout
www.freebase.com/m/027t26t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	Where is mount bond?
www.freebase.com/m/01pqczg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pqc_t	who released the album a nightmare on elm street
www.freebase.com/m/02qlnfh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/035dk	where was emmanuel obetsebi-lamptey born
www.freebase.com/m/07my9d	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/outflow	www.freebase.com/m/01p0vx	what does walter f. george lake flow into?
www.freebase.com/m/07mn9g	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09glf5t	Which scottish politician was born in springburn?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04zyy5q	which 1967 short film features poverty in america?
www.freebase.com/m/0jswdv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08g5q7	what is the cause of death for andr√© g√©nov√®s
www.freebase.com/m/0k01x	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/05yyxy	where is ignaz semmelweis buried
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09nc4f	what are fiction titles
www.freebase.com/m/01h94qw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014zfs	Who is the artist on the album at his best
www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04mzsd4	what is a album of contemporary christian music
www.freebase.com/m/05dbwcp	www.freebase.com/base/pethealth/pet_disease_or_medical_condition/causes	www.freebase.com/m/07vcwc	what causescanine parvovirus infection
www.freebase.com/m/04j0rj3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What country is the film hellsing ultimate: vol. 1 from
www.freebase.com/m/0skd2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  walton in
www.freebase.com/m/0nn2_j3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rmgl0	Who is the artist that recorded birth
www.freebase.com/m/04f4lm8	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	What's an instrument that kneel cohn plays
www.freebase.com/m/02qmmkm	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02qq8mb	jenin, jenin is a film that was directed by whom?
www.freebase.com/m/0269ltq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is james cloyd bowman from
www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification_rank/organism_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/025fvx	Name a species of fish
www.freebase.com/m/0c2213	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/077qn	Of which nationality is dragoslav stepanoviƒá
www.freebase.com/m/01r1zxk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0238lz	which artist recorded fused
www.freebase.com/m/0g4033	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05znxx	What is a film produced by arnold kopelson
www.freebase.com/m/0zkn6mb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03_zgk	Who wrote the lyrics for shamrock diaries?
www.freebase.com/m/0cp0zk7	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bm1gj	who directed daybreak
www.freebase.com/m/0m8dprt	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/04ffctl	What album is good night from
www.freebase.com/m/0k0yzk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is andy cohn's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5h_0q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	In which country did the tv program live in style originate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0qszl0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kmbshc	Dream a little dream is a track from what?
www.freebase.com/m/07k9r6m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what genre of music is skipping girl vinegar?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrs1d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is suphedrine pe
www.freebase.com/m/027lxkm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What's the sex of charles thorson?
www.freebase.com/m/08_w9d	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  tuxbury pond in
www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04qwvb	What is the name of a hardcore punk album
www.freebase.com/m/01s961	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0279m	what does info-zip do 
www.freebase.com/m/08k2jx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is the profession of efraim sevela?
www.freebase.com/m/02th7_	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/025rvx0	what film uses elstree studios as a film location?
www.freebase.com/m/03l9zr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01hdlf	What state is the city crato a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/059chkp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/025szts	what is the subject content of the legal and regulatory environment of business
www.freebase.com/m/069r7v	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of the character joe chill?
www.freebase.com/m/033ffq	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/02hv7v	What is the mouth of the roanoke river
www.freebase.com/m/03qmxfk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is oliver jackson-cohen's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0fl8cs	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of school is nebraska college of technical agriculture
www.freebase.com/m/03jhp20	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was zathura released
www.freebase.com/m/0v_9l93	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0n30vkj	what film had anthony e. griffin as the cinematographer 
www.freebase.com/m/0465zxw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was elizabeth pisani born?
www.freebase.com/m/01jvctt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what types of music is the age of mastery
www.freebase.com/m/03_c8p	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0j_5mqh	what is a 2013 sony computer entertainment game 
www.freebase.com/m/0415dq0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was the language used in the  movie now ill tell
www.freebase.com/m/02qmlzb	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is associated with the university of new york, prague
www.freebase.com/m/0126c3	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/08gf5l	What airport is in xiamen
www.freebase.com/m/03v39l	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/state	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	what state is pete sessions a us representative for
www.freebase.com/m/05cx7x	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0jx9lc1	whats the name of david krumholtz's mom
www.freebase.com/m/05sqdnk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jzxy	what genre is blank city
www.freebase.com/m/0305gl3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kl13vj	What's a song released off of the album 28 golden hits
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ddhwy5	what is an alternative rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0vnkjfr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the content type of the album united we stand?
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j0jwm	which movie is india in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/06zjmcd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	what language is spoken in naam iruvar namakku iruvar
www.freebase.com/m/04zgj2	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crr_6q	Name an educational film
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0h23l1j	who is a soul music artist 
www.freebase.com/m/047mmfz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country filmed the black orchid
www.freebase.com/m/081csc	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01xhh5	What is the ethnicity of richard park
www.freebase.com/m/03md1tf	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/042v_gx	What instrument does bobby lord play?
www.freebase.com/m/0lg4s35	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/036vpyr	From what release can the track tomorrow be found?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w81hb	what is the name of a fantasy book
www.freebase.com/m/041p_v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/040hg8	where is castelcovati
www.freebase.com/m/0809gfr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsdmx	who made the album heartland 
www.freebase.com/m/02rpd_6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	was 12:01 released in the us or somewhere else
www.freebase.com/m/09hfbq	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/071_1p	who wrote the film count dracula
www.freebase.com/m/0nd5l78	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is marama corlett female or male
www.freebase.com/m/0x2sg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	which country is tremelo based in
www.freebase.com/m/0r2qrt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j183	which artist recorded it hurts me too?
www.freebase.com/m/0gwgdj_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language do the characters speak in mr. fix-it
www.freebase.com/m/0fs1lj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was lerone d. wilson born
www.freebase.com/m/017yj_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the film joe versus the volcano
www.freebase.com/m/0mbw0	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/063kf67	what did margaret cho contribute to 
www.freebase.com/m/0rhf6rt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01wz_ml	who was the producer for o rangutang (unfaded instrumental)
www.freebase.com/m/0ncm_c7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	Which sport did mitsuo sumi play
www.freebase.com/m/0_7xz51	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01mzqw9	who was the lyricist of the song  falling down
www.freebase.com/m/064fh8y	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is on the film plastic fantastic #1
www.freebase.com/m/0dgn9tm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04r78	which city did hans-walter heyne pass away
www.freebase.com/m/04ts05k	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0ghbf	who was the editor for the golden road
www.freebase.com/m/0dv3lcq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mbgd3d	What is one of pied piper singles?
www.freebase.com/m/0mgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qb61s	Name a swimmer born in adelaide
www.freebase.com/m/0_r5lnm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	is chrome shelled regios in chinese or japanese
www.freebase.com/m/0c4d3f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is bob van dillen from
www.freebase.com/m/05c55m9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was samaya filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/03r92g	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/03ls75	which type of treatment was used for stye?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl63	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_subject/artwork_on_the_subject	www.freebase.com/m/0bvbg7c	What is a famous art piece about hay
www.freebase.com/m/02q2v8w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What is the form of the composition wake up?
www.freebase.com/m/02kc1x8	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/associated_disorder	www.freebase.com/m/0bqmg2	what disorder is associated with 3,7-dihydropurin-6-one
www.freebase.com/m/048sqjq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	Where is eva 
www.freebase.com/m/02vvnh8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	where in Scandinavia is egil hegerberg from
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/026027q	What is the name of a person of the jewish people ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/080jf7h	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0d7wh	What is the ethnicity of giles latcham?
www.freebase.com/m/07m8gx4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0kbcslq	what was one of the episode titles for wwe friday night smackdown! - season 9
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv1zq	What's an indie film released in 1911
www.freebase.com/m/01dgvj	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/04swkp	Who did the film story credits for cornell woolrich
www.freebase.com/m/07rrn9	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0by4vr	Who was the father of the famous horse Cincinnati?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6jby	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	what military force did the 8th maryland volunteer infantry belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03fsk8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01z322	where is rothley located in?
www.freebase.com/m/05ddv1w	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/035l7r	what series is spike an episode from
www.freebase.com/m/015k42	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02ht32s	what is renault
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/025s52x	what is a single-player sports video game 
www.freebase.com/m/03cmy99	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0462rv2	What is the name of the film directed by Ray McCarey?
www.freebase.com/m/02wk_6c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/079b_2h	What is an episode of tv richard vaczy wrote?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzl445	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0lqybc	what was the original version of the recording busted
www.freebase.com/m/0kdyvbr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is marjorie gaffney's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0h52w	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/natural_or_cultural_site_designation/categories	www.freebase.com/m/01y4wr	what's a place listed in the national register of historic places
www.freebase.com/m/0hqppys	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is kirkland signature antacid 500 chewable tablet available?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jz3_	Name a film in the lgbt genre.
www.freebase.com/m/03gxq29	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What country is lake clarendon in
www.freebase.com/m/06nndb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is yoshinori kobayashi?
www.freebase.com/m/054ggb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is simon wilcox from
www.freebase.com/m/0gv9mz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what is the nationality of sissi?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm1wp2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	someone i touched is a film under what genre 
www.freebase.com/m/05b0scw	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gv2r	who directed the new york nights movie
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/09fblq	who's one of the musicians in the band jet
www.freebase.com/m/086k8	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/05szq8z	what film is by the warner bros.?
www.freebase.com/m/0d33_0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	What type of celestial body is tau centauri
www.freebase.com/m/02z5dzb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre does benjamin smoke perform?
www.freebase.com/m/02jf6f	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0bxtkf	Name a treatment for osteoarthritis.
www.freebase.com/m/04vhwd6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02chbw	What is the known book publisher of to live forever?
www.freebase.com/m/02p_sxy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08z0wx	What genre of music is myriads known as?
www.freebase.com/m/067z35	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j6p5c8	Who is ann meyers' child?
www.freebase.com/m/04j287x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the netflix genre of the last of his tribe?
www.freebase.com/m/0405h3l	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position did alberto fouilloux play 
www.freebase.com/m/06_wzm4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country gives nationality to prema narayan
www.freebase.com/m/0j8j_8v	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/021bk	who was the executive producer for the film her master's voice
www.freebase.com/m/01gbwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/03mdgs8	What game did joust influence?
www.freebase.com/m/060pw_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is royal institution christmas lectures in
www.freebase.com/m/0_6x16j	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nmm_l	What is the game a famous type of
www.freebase.com/m/04j4rt	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	what state contains part of the coosa river
www.freebase.com/m/04d_7s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02z078	where was jamie robinson born?
www.freebase.com/m/059wnx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what type of film is the journey of natty gann
www.freebase.com/m/02bffr	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02gnj2	who created matthew cable
www.freebase.com/m/0809whz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of chris hicky
www.freebase.com/m/0t2rf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is used in beaconsfield
www.freebase.com/m/0bbc4q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is david benoit's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cc7ql4	What is an example of art rock
www.freebase.com/m/0crv899	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq2300	what type of genre is a raisin in the sun affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/07f4dx	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/025vxh4	where does the team peoria rivermen play
www.freebase.com/m/017l96	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02t7zt	who was a pop singer that was signed to capitol records in the 40's
www.freebase.com/m/0qhfdnx	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/016fd5	who is a production company that performed othello
www.freebase.com/m/0cm7wwl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/024pcx	what nationality is michael angelo rooker 
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0gn3j	What is the name of a public school found in Spain?
www.freebase.com/m/0ltfk2r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/024f072	what is a song from valentine's day
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jp8v1	what album is in the heavy metal genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05f7d_	what is an animation film?
www.freebase.com/m/05q81tv	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What art medium does horst gl√§sker work within
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/0gdvxt	who is a professional boxing representative in the junior middleweight division
www.freebase.com/m/01r4ncp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	What kind of music does revenant play
www.freebase.com/m/04j315h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	What genre on netflix is the movie my son the vampire?
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wc9m1	Name an autobiography book. 
www.freebase.com/m/01m6nj7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07ffjc	What type of hardcore music is played on there‚Äôs no way we‚Äôre gonna fit in
www.freebase.com/m/04w8fps	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01vq3	what is the subject of the christmas candle
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03wbdkn	What is a planetary system of the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/02qkz83	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	Which country was john leigh born in
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrzqx	What's an example of a drug formulation
www.freebase.com/m/07k761w	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/0j2kx	What kind of geographical feature is pawtucket falls?
www.freebase.com/m/0xxlbsh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lz8w2	Who wrote the album california
www.freebase.com/m/03c5wm	www.freebase.com/boats/ship_class/ships_in_class	www.freebase.com/m/09gfgz	what is a ship in the cargo ship class 
www.freebase.com/m/06z4xy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	who composed run for your life
www.freebase.com/m/0_5_k23	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01mp5g9	who composed you‚Äôre the only one
www.freebase.com/m/026q2m	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0_xdd	name the setting of the battle of franklin (1864).
www.freebase.com/m/0dyg6d7	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is the region that hits is released in?
www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/type_of_rugby/players_of_this_type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/0dzc2l	who is a player in the rugby league
www.freebase.com/m/05p9_r8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what kind of film  is  anand aur anand
www.freebase.com/m/0wsy5w5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03j149k	who recorded the song drummer?
www.freebase.com/m/03cqhcd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0q6lr	Where was steadman s. shealy's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2s96	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	WHat country is one way out from
www.freebase.com/m/0hpx89q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what kind of written work is elixir
www.freebase.com/m/0zntvcw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is wissam dandan identified as?
www.freebase.com/m/04j6v1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	What sort of music does holly williams play
www.freebase.com/m/09r8l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dqx9rg	which album is created by waylon jennings
www.freebase.com/m/09ry0p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	is robert nilsson from sweden or finland
www.freebase.com/m/05mrs2t	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what genre is 8 megales epitihies
www.freebase.com/m/01w__b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k5hbk	what album was done by the artist the haunted
www.freebase.com/m/03y2kr	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bq4ky	what's the name of a movie that samuel z. arkoff produced
www.freebase.com/m/0g42pn2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre of film is almost married recorded in?
www.freebase.com/m/05d2h41	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/language	www.freebase.com/m/03hkp	Which language is the name ari in
www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cmcvdg	Name an instrumental rock album
www.freebase.com/m/02qj9r2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what was the profession of dorjee khandu?
www.freebase.com/m/0crx2n2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is peter and the wolf in
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t0bkk	whats an example of a  suspense book
www.freebase.com/m/0g83j	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01w_z12	Name someone born in the Spanish city of murcia.
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dlm15w	Name a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/016r1y2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wbgy	Which artist sings drips (feat. eminem)
www.freebase.com/m/04f73rc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06zgwc	this artist is synonymous with crossover thrash.
www.freebase.com/m/04z_tvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01x_6s	Where was katherine medina born
www.freebase.com/m/0g780zd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0g76rhx	what season is kevin spacey from
www.freebase.com/m/0cs31n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qf60y	what songs are by reamonn?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/08mbz6	what minor planet is known for orbiting the  sun
www.freebase.com/m/02w88wl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k345	what type of music is earnest woodall?
www.freebase.com/m/0dkbltn	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/02q3pj	which comedy film did gregory p. keen was a production designer in?
www.freebase.com/m/028xvy3	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08f97q	who published the book edition the beckoning lady
www.freebase.com/m/030yhcg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kv_08x	What's a track from the best of the monochrome set
www.freebase.com/m/036j__x	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what kind of format was eiffel 65 released in
www.freebase.com/m/02874v5	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0194x	What movement was giacinto brandi associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/0bj4q5z	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0160w	What country was the "Children of God" filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/014_w4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/organizations	www.freebase.com/m/01j_x	what army is doctor watson a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02q0n0w	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/06d_3	what type of business does the the greenbrier companies operate
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f_gwt0	What is a country music album
www.freebase.com/m/05mby8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is the suite life of zack and cody in
www.freebase.com/m/01m3y6m	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04x86w	what artist recorded the comforts of madness
www.freebase.com/m/0f1jhc	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05f7c88	What film was produced by andy heyward
www.freebase.com/m/0dyzf2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	is the hound of the baskervilles a thriller (genre) or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05l8cb5	What is the name of the short film by Ben Holmes?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd75mf	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is hine's tune a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/05p553	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02vpnq3	What is a program in the tv genre comedy?
www.freebase.com/m/01s1pg	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/0vwc	What causes mesothelioma
www.freebase.com/m/0gvrbyt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what type of music is gienek loska known for
www.freebase.com/m/06wdsl	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what religion is dick savitt affiliated with 
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/026jdrn	What is the name of a well known painting
www.freebase.com/m/0fqr81d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fqr80v	What album is santa claus is coming to town on?
www.freebase.com/m/0179q0	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/02pn_xl	what are tourist attraction in richmond?
www.freebase.com/m/03_ldhz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m5sv2j	what's a track on 2004-10-06: toronto, on, canada
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/026dslm	What are the public schools in Kennesaw?
www.freebase.com/m/04w90m0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d685	what is the subjectof quilts from the civil war
www.freebase.com/m/070c4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/0kyt0z3	Name a game on the super nintendo entertainment system.
www.freebase.com/m/02pn3nx	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	Which position was played by paul lankford
www.freebase.com/m/0b4q0d	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0v_pb2s	Who is the father of alexandros panagoulis?
www.freebase.com/m/0mm0km5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dpzsqp	Name a track released by believe
www.freebase.com/m/06wvj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0g6l_sv	What is the name of the album composed by sergei prokofiev?
www.freebase.com/m/0gz56vw	www.freebase.com/base/webvideo/internet_video_series/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0ylfm01	what are the episode names of mayne street
www.freebase.com/m/0nhn_8w	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hv44_	What is james mathers's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/034n3h	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/incompatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	what is a diet that ricotta is incompatible with
www.freebase.com/m/02h664x	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gjc9wy	What basketball player played for the pacers
www.freebase.com/m/02pn2q9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	What is the subject of the written work bad luck and trouble?
www.freebase.com/m/0mh3ps	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0sk48q7	what is the title track from the christmas recording
www.freebase.com/m/0fhcvsg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v8xgr	who released the recording set it off
www.freebase.com/m/02r6my_	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what football position does azizon abdul kadir play
www.freebase.com/m/036r5x_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	How was a week or two in the real world released
www.freebase.com/m/0glj5l_	www.freebase.com/film/content_rating/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what country has a content rating of 12+
www.freebase.com/m/01wpzfj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	What was the cause of death of igor vladimirovich talkov
www.freebase.com/m/04vj51_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What type of binding does man and boy have
www.freebase.com/m/0fvd_mv	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fzqb92	what versions of i miss you are there
www.freebase.com/m/0mykm2y	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g31dtv	what is a release on the release track daybreak
www.freebase.com/m/0b_zw	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0784z	Which conflict was yitzhak rabin part of?
www.freebase.com/m/08sgnq9	www.freebase.com/base/ports/harbor/ports_of_call	www.freebase.com/m/0yz7n	name a river natural harbor.
www.freebase.com/m/0rrhp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/043v0jm	What is the name of a high school located in lakeland?
www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0f9j_4	What psychological thriller features experiences from the author's life?
www.freebase.com/m/01vv7sc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03vtfp	which label does moby belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02qxbgt	Name a rock music artist.
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/079cpg	what crime fiction film was released in 1989
www.freebase.com/m/0fk_7hm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	Where was iced earth released?
www.freebase.com/m/069yzt	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gyccty	what's the title of the film christoph schlingensief directed
www.freebase.com/m/04jfbhb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k80c	what type of game is d-day?
www.freebase.com/m/0421rzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/03c6bb7	what is a game developed by oxygen studios?
www.freebase.com/m/07yj83	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	What label signed tiktak
www.freebase.com/m/090yj4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/029rrb	Where is the calf located
www.freebase.com/m/04w1_yr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What is the subject matter in the book fatal reunion
www.freebase.com/m/084x96	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dzt9	Where was greg ayres born
www.freebase.com/m/0sd7	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/06r_ls	where does the water from the amazon river come from 
www.freebase.com/m/06xl5dr	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/anime_manga_franchise/anime_title	www.freebase.com/m/0324s1	which anime title has samurai champloo - season 1
www.freebase.com/m/0542n	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0cjf0	What's a symptom of malaria
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8t53	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is anca miruna lazarescu's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05njx3	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/06zy75	Name a film that brad anderson worked on as an editor
www.freebase.com/m/05j8v3	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0vs7m3d	what is a written work by ali-shir nava'i 
www.freebase.com/m/0d6bm1	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	which position did mike anderson play in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/0pm6jnh	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03cn92	who produced on hope
www.freebase.com/m/01g0tt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gqfy	where was koji kondo born 
www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09k75xd	Who was born in Lithuania?
www.freebase.com/m/0rjq70j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01mff8l	who is the producer of surfin' steel (cryin' steel) (instrumental)
www.freebase.com/m/01w96nj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of genre is noplacetohide 
www.freebase.com/m/075wv_1	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02t97	what book genre is the book complete essays, vol. 1: 1920-1925
www.freebase.com/m/0dtr0fd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mbbqsv	what track is found on the release  buzz buzz
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04ctjlq	what's an example of a hard rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0kymwwy	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0857v	what company did produce monopoly
www.freebase.com/m/0497pw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what kind of music does the go-betweens perform
www.freebase.com/m/01n72fw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	what kind of music is hazell dean known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch0r59	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01nd9f	Which music category is run with it in 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt6h3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	How is flax seed for diagnostic use only administered
www.freebase.com/m/0vs5g_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	john tunney claims nationality from which nation?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmhvqb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m8hc6v	what is the recording track on wake
www.freebase.com/m/012_0k9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/019xs5r	what is the canonical version of the song  pretty in pink
www.freebase.com/m/0bdmz0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is josh lewin's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04z_4b7	What is a science fiction film?
www.freebase.com/m/016ncd	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/018s4	what is the license for gauche
www.freebase.com/m/0lp7s95	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0306w0c	which album was the track heavy metal released with
www.freebase.com/m/04hn8l	www.freebase.com/film/film_featured_song/performed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01k23t	Who performed into the west?
www.freebase.com/m/03g06bx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08lpkq	What is the genre of the album nightmoves?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5llry	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/deities	www.freebase.com/m/045m1_	who is a deitie for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
www.freebase.com/m/0sphd84	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0lnw2k	What's a recorded version of the song avatar
www.freebase.com/m/02ph09	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0hkpn	What was named for yakov sverdlov?
www.freebase.com/m/02q1q74	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was used in the film escarpment blues
www.freebase.com/m/01rh1t0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	what is the type of music that is played on disco blood?
www.freebase.com/m/068wjn	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/05ms3p0	What is the great khali's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/06dkzt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0j7v2tw	What episodes did Akiva Goldsman direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtr_h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is rick steves: germany, benelux and more 2000-2009
www.freebase.com/m/03ll3	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/0ds9pkg	who is a human rights activist?
www.freebase.com/m/04w978v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0bd12c	who is the author of the written work a return to cooking
www.freebase.com/m/05x0pq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	which company published mortal kombat: special forces?
www.freebase.com/m/0g08d6h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/09lhlfb	What season featured the episode jerry seinfeld
www.freebase.com/m/0dszw5x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of the album get scraped
www.freebase.com/m/0wjdwmk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	where was jo√£o jos√© pompeo born 
www.freebase.com/m/06w5z6z	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does athlete hair zeqiri play?
www.freebase.com/m/020mqg	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04tr7f8	what book editions have ever been published by kathy tyers
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_game_subject/games	www.freebase.com/m/0b6347	Which computer game is about world war ii?
www.freebase.com/m/0_x8454	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	Where is jason wilnis from?
www.freebase.com/m/04n0_1	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0hr79r9	Which film did barry adamson work on?
www.freebase.com/m/01dhr35	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01jfymf	What album was hollywood released under?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhwyst	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02zh54	Who composed devil wouldnt recognize you
www.freebase.com/m/028l_5	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/04f98b	who were the children of george herbert walker?
www.freebase.com/m/01w1sx	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/03h5vg8	What is a title of a cold war film
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pw3z0	Which Cherish album was an album release?
www.freebase.com/m/0424mc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0clnz6y	name a film from the experimental film genre
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ckkh2	Name a pop rock album.
www.freebase.com/m/017l96	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/056qk5	which artist is signed to capitol records
www.freebase.com/m/026ydyz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released the movie spy smasher
www.freebase.com/m/0zpk3r6	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0zqqn8g	what is a recording from we are never ever getting back together
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0288rm6	What Japanese detective film depicts crime fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/0f1hr	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0n8fch0	Name someone who is known for being a essayist
www.freebase.com/m/01c01n	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/03cd1q	who are some of the producers of the release awb?
www.freebase.com/m/09gj14m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0nlh7	where did george topolnisky die
www.freebase.com/m/0crrsk_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country did the film soldiers home take place
www.freebase.com/m/0m26x	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01z7g2k	Name a town in la paz county, arizona 
www.freebase.com/m/04t30s_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dh53	what was living by fiction written about
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b1yq2	what is a 1941short film
www.freebase.com/m/0b7hdh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What is the genre of the film hoot (film)
www.freebase.com/m/05qgd77	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0j2jqmx	who is a character from the book sargasso plunder
www.freebase.com/m/0dpnv4_	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f4m036	which release was in the album get on the bus
www.freebase.com/m/0k3mbm4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the film rest stop in?
www.freebase.com/m/05sy94h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jaime camino's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dmn2b	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/04nycn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city is bill drayton from
www.freebase.com/m/0jzn7yz	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does (11205) 1999 fy28 orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0vxhljl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is  nicole randall
www.freebase.com/m/07m61	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/0bwhspm	What's an asteroid belonging to jupiter trojan
www.freebase.com/m/0c3crl2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	what is turkey by Ekavi Athanassopoulou an example of
www.freebase.com/m/0ds5n2z	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/05sfs	what religion did annie royle taylor practice?
www.freebase.com/m/090tskg	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/072twv	who was the director of maisie goes to reno
www.freebase.com/m/0jy0d	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0frtmp	what is a treatment for glaucoma?
www.freebase.com/m/03q8ch	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/08xvpn	What is the name of a film that michael kahn edited
www.freebase.com/m/034gj3m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p9p1t	what is a track from unnatural selection?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm11l0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What kind of film is hamill
www.freebase.com/m/01kcsj4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f17sh	What band recorded the album speaking in tongues
www.freebase.com/m/05vslv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0c34hp	what label is jody porter signed with 
www.freebase.com/m/03j1fsr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03_r3	where was geoffrey chung born
www.freebase.com/m/0j48pc7	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	where is 29th louisiana infantry regiment from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gy0mh_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	what language is spoken on the tv show futbolilits
www.freebase.com/m/03yz2km	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/027rn	Where is ana√≠s from?
www.freebase.com/m/02_0s9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0781g	what type of music does avantasia make
www.freebase.com/m/0hhs_6x	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012ddg	Where did alec burgess die
www.freebase.com/m/0b__k04	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is phelps phelps's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/027n308	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What nation is maxence flachez from?
www.freebase.com/m/0122wc	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is the color associated with the team real sociedad
www.freebase.com/m/0n_nb50	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is daisaku shinohara's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04t01j3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is shannon prynoski from
www.freebase.com/m/032dwvl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0k_tx10	What is a song off of the album greatest hits?
www.freebase.com/m/0gblls	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/068cn	where is coniolo located
www.freebase.com/m/03c7gsd	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05k2gb	what is the software genre of decibel audio player
www.freebase.com/m/01ssf52	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	What type of album is Port of Miami?
www.freebase.com/m/02rwkgm	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0ngt576	Name a child of zong qinghou.
www.freebase.com/m/0hnws	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/046_v	who created iron man
www.freebase.com/m/04mqg9	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	state  giovanna of italy religion
www.freebase.com/m/01hl64	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/02blrv	who is an artist within the futurism  movement
www.freebase.com/m/014d_k	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fztnm	who wrote the story for a goofy movie
www.freebase.com/m/05b42mv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is emil jensen known for
www.freebase.com/m/0g02vk	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activist_organizations	www.freebase.com/m/0f_9_l	which organization was created for parkinson's disease
www.freebase.com/m/01xn7x1	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_team/matches	www.freebase.com/m/0d4bd_	what is the name of a match that leeds united a.f.c. was involved in
www.freebase.com/m/0chkvth	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country released late bloomers
www.freebase.com/m/0mj7xh3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f9w686	which release is remember me on
www.freebase.com/m/0g5s6t7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is thanga meenkal?
www.freebase.com/m/01rwpj	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/09dtkl1	who is the costume designer of sexy beast
www.freebase.com/m/02hxkb8	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	what country is maiwa language spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07ww9_	what is a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/03qx_f	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gmgtzp	Name an artist on asylum records.
www.freebase.com/m/027gk4t	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What genre of book is the eye and the finger
www.freebase.com/m/0zgl46r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xz_h	Where did joseph dunn pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0bzyjh_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Where was su-jin lee born?
www.freebase.com/m/0b3r0c	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/05fz3	what area does  kul al-arab serve
www.freebase.com/m/0crsfdh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	What is the netflix genre of steeleye span: classic rock legends
www.freebase.com/m/053yx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lfh3w	What is a song from miles davis?
www.freebase.com/m/09snp5	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/geographic_distribution	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	Where do the muhajir (pakistan) people live
www.freebase.com/m/03292j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dlnl4_	What is an album by cheryl cole?
www.freebase.com/m/0y5293s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0v9j4v8	what tv program is the episode finland from?
www.freebase.com/m/0fkpmv7	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	What region released the camels
www.freebase.com/m/0jk_20j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Which country was the film the little cowboy from
www.freebase.com/m/09lvk	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/08wbn2	What major conflict occured in hebron?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbm9hg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form is colloque sentimental
www.freebase.com/m/06qjj6	www.freebase.com/time/recurring_event/instances	www.freebase.com/m/05cd2ky	what is a year that the pennsylvania 500 occured?
www.freebase.com/m/01pj_8c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what genre of music is ima robot
www.freebase.com/m/03zkw4q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/016mft1	What is the name of a track off of alternative moments ii
www.freebase.com/m/04nzkf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is paul d. maclean's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04d2sbl	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the wine 2006 tolosa san luis obispo pinot noir from?
www.freebase.com/m/03jld66	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music is white shoes & the couples company 
www.freebase.com/m/059_ysk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music is on the da sound album
www.freebase.com/m/04sg0b	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b4534y	Who did the film art direction for crimson tide (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldp2v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dvqq	who does the song waiting
www.freebase.com/m/02_rn0	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ridley from metroid's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/043qqsv	What is the title of a dance music album?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6wqd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/059wk	Which company published the videogame galaxy 5000?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdpgn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	what are the lectures of the arya about
www.freebase.com/m/049rbf6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012x03	What musical group made special
www.freebase.com/m/01hpfmg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k9lrv	who complied a the greastest hits of album 
www.freebase.com/m/0djd3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02pttpv	which united states representative was born in albuquerque?
www.freebase.com/m/0drwmw9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d9y6	where was theodore conover born
www.freebase.com/m/04f9bz6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07qht4	What netflix genre does the secret life of bees fall into
www.freebase.com/m/0fr61	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0tv9s	What is the name of a place in charles county, maryland?
www.freebase.com/m/0408lp9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is ivan dzerzhinsky profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_sf2v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02bmc2	Who is the artist that released the album def beat remixes, volume 5: men from u.n.k.l.e.
www.freebase.com/m/01vvz9s	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/04g74jl	what movie has dj shadow contributed music to
www.freebase.com/m/0bqn9h	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/stops	www.freebase.com/m/0cxd1z	what are stops along the pink line?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03byvnv	who was painting of visual art form
www.freebase.com/m/027s_f	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	what type of school is  american university in bulgaria
www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0wyrczp	What is the name of a settlement located in wales?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0709	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/023fm7	who is sandeep dikshit's mother
www.freebase.com/m/03c7s4j	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does lu√≠s cl√°udio carvalho da silva play?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2bd4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is take me home: the john denver story
www.freebase.com/m/0191_7	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/026kry2	what is an example of a retail-store
www.freebase.com/m/01d3n8	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_specialty/diseases_treated	www.freebase.com/m/01pf6	what disease is treated in internal medicine department
www.freebase.com/m/063k8z7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	Where can boy be found on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01cwys	www.freebase.com/base/crime/crime_victim/crime_type	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	which crime did abdullah i of jordan play the victim of
www.freebase.com/m/02bw2f	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does frank lorenzo have
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0wxqqz2	what is the name of a  song by DJ fresh and Diplo
www.freebase.com/m/0lxg_bn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fghgc	which release is twilight from?
www.freebase.com/m/0304ty	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0bpjh3	what is the ethnicity of konnie huq?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9103	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	Which language is the film fragile in
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kfb2pc	Name a famous film producer
www.freebase.com/m/02q3w23	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is charles clinton spaulding
www.freebase.com/m/01y55q	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0181xq	who did  robert lowell influence
www.freebase.com/m/01f3yn	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/islands	www.freebase.com/m/04b87bn	What is a lake in lake winnipesaukee
www.freebase.com/m/0rzfb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	Which state is phillipsburg in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsh40	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	how is prairie sage 0.05 injectable solution administered 
www.freebase.com/m/0h_c64d	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0d500h	Who's the executive producer for shut up and play the hits
www.freebase.com/m/04gh1yp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does mykhaylo starostyak play?
www.freebase.com/m/0dyt_lq	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	The album nino was released by what record company?
www.freebase.com/m/020nh8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/07p8hz	which artist is considered a ranchera artist
www.freebase.com/m/05zkkkj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is vladimir rogachyov's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04155ks	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	what ethnicity of people does david hemblen belong to
www.freebase.com/m/011k11	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/038_vs	Which English band is on the record label decca records?
www.freebase.com/m/02plhml	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0j2jqmx	what is one of the male characters from exile to hell
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/01x6bb	What is an example of a public university
www.freebase.com/m/04cwqzv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what is √Ålvaro sol√≠s's position in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxnm3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country is pacifico yokohama in 
www.freebase.com/m/07cgs03	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did the show east of eden come from
www.freebase.com/m/05c30z6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is  sounds of the universe
www.freebase.com/m/04kmv3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dw5f	what's the book american government about
www.freebase.com/m/026fcn9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is patrick farrelly's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0slwfql	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	access all arenas is what kind of album
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0cm98ls	who was involved in world war ii?
www.freebase.com/m/01m9_9x	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format is braxton hicks available in
www.freebase.com/m/02z5jlx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/077qn	what is ksenija pajƒçin's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bvv00	Who was born in australia
www.freebase.com/m/03b8gh	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/057xcp	which american gothic group is signed to metropolis records
www.freebase.com/m/0bfmvk7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwyss	what language is the film jagadakeer.... between the near and east spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/05czr4z	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0t_2	what is the primary language of anna mae kesse
www.freebase.com/m/04w95hk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0p9xx	What is the subject of the book big house, little house, back house, barn
www.freebase.com/m/04t2b2_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/07yvwk	who is the author of the ennead
www.freebase.com/m/01mtt	www.freebase.com/games/game_genre/boardgames	www.freebase.com/m/028p06	whats a poker like card game
www.freebase.com/m/01qhm_	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02qhm3	Name one female german american
www.freebase.com/m/02w3qs	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	is the the poverty of philosophy a philosophy or history book
www.freebase.com/m/01bc9m	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bnf1_	who is buried in  el escorial
www.freebase.com/m/0sszm3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is  dead man
www.freebase.com/m/030259	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/03sbb	what does jimmy neutron do
www.freebase.com/m/014h_s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	what record label is hadda brooks signed to
www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02z5c89	what is a funk album 
www.freebase.com/m/0l4h2pn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03462lt	Which release was the track rumors from
www.freebase.com/m/01s2r5h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kinds of music is played by rickywarwick
www.freebase.com/m/0w7p_mk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the spirit of '45 
www.freebase.com/m/01kpdfb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	what types of music is keeper of the seven keys, part i
www.freebase.com/m/0cn9nvq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0kh3	How did patricia laurie die?
www.freebase.com/m/0n8pm6f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	What country is angel navarro from
www.freebase.com/m/045k2b	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	What is a color of the st helens rlfc
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0407psv	which drama film was released in 1922?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzzgb3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dnchj2	which album is red released in?
www.freebase.com/m/017fx5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cs0vg6	What's an example of an imax film?
www.freebase.com/m/02r3fcv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/02_9lwp	what television show is the episode the limo (how i met your mother) from?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1j1vv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of the film Strike One?
www.freebase.com/m/073349	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of alan m. wilner
www.freebase.com/m/031x2	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/02lznm	what was a major event that too place during the falklands war
www.freebase.com/m/06ljjc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlk89	which gamecube games were published by clover studio?
www.freebase.com/m/04q8h9s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is youssef haraoui's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/08ndqy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hj3n0w	what genre is the film the suburbans
www.freebase.com/m/0gty6j0	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/08s89n	Who is t. j. mcdonald's father?
www.freebase.com/m/0951dh	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	which area does kmky broadcast to
www.freebase.com/m/0g1642p	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fy689x	What's a song from love letters
www.freebase.com/m/0gch2n3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is claudio contartese's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0134bf	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzjlrm	what county does west yorkshire have administration in
www.freebase.com/m/0hn9pp3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	what country gives nationality to toeti heraty
www.freebase.com/m/01rv3vv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album sinister swing
www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wfb9q	What's a book focused on social sciences
www.freebase.com/m/04cp0jk	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_story/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0511rc	whos a character in the comic book story titled  chapter one: coffin
www.freebase.com/m/01p1qh_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is linda scott from
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8rd5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	What is Alexander Mindadze nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyrdvs	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is c√©sar from
www.freebase.com/m/01k03r	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/069636	Name someone who was born in c√≥rdoba
www.freebase.com/m/06srfc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	What is the language of the tv series super trio series?
www.freebase.com/m/0d76r	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02kkbp1	what game is played as an arcade game?
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w260	what is an example of a science fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/05mt58j	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position did former football player hans klinkhammer play?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5spp	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What asteroid group is 8986 kineyayasuyo a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5cgd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh4t	what is the utah state senate
www.freebase.com/m/010h45g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02byh8	who recorded piano concerto no. 1?
www.freebase.com/m/04166yg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album bandages?
www.freebase.com/m/0smm_xv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0q6_c3l	whats the name of the canonical version of the recording  mona lisa
www.freebase.com/m/03gw291	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0jz751	Who did the cinematography of horsing around
www.freebase.com/m/04c5ny	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	What genre of music is james bourne know for?
www.freebase.com/m/01tk4c_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01wqlc	what sort of music does willie \\"the lion\\" smith create
www.freebase.com/m/0215j4	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0v_6ymc	who is a professional camera operator 
www.freebase.com/m/0njjs	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_s0p	Name a lake within kalamazoo county
www.freebase.com/m/0jxhl2	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0d1tgy	what film did bill migliore produce
www.freebase.com/m/02pt5vm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	Where was laura stoica born?
www.freebase.com/m/02r0kwh	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	What profession is aileen campbell?
www.freebase.com/m/01ncn82	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	who is matia bazar signed with
www.freebase.com/m/02nq7zd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language was the eagle's prophecy originally written
www.freebase.com/m/06zj_rk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of genre is hobo with a grin
www.freebase.com/m/0dr5y	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dlnwb9	Name a film john carpenter has directed.
www.freebase.com/m/04csj0m	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does dean tidey play
www.freebase.com/m/0fkppjr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mmdwnf	what is song from the soft rock release 
www.freebase.com/m/0q6q1	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0bt0c	what is things to come about?
www.freebase.com/m/01wbxnh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jmlpr	What is the name of an album by fats domino
www.freebase.com/m/0kpck1k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/041104g	what is a name of an episode in the series pilot  
www.freebase.com/m/0643c3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0290sh6	what is atonement
www.freebase.com/m/020cyy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is broadstairs located in
www.freebase.com/m/02hx142	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/06srk	Which country do they speak gusilay language?
www.freebase.com/m/0n920	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026sgvd	who was born in camberwell?
www.freebase.com/m/018zxb	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01gdx4	who is prince richard, duke of gloucester's father 
www.freebase.com/m/05yn00g	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0pjsf	who was an influence to jens peter jacobsen 
www.freebase.com/m/0cx45	www.freebase.com/religion/type_of_place_of_worship/places_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/06lz08	whats an example of a  temple
www.freebase.com/m/080f83w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	what country does the playboys take place?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3hx7g	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	martin parker is this kind of athlete.
www.freebase.com/m/09zt__	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0r91p	Where can kden-tv be seen
www.freebase.com/m/02rnh5v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	what kind of music does the ocean perform 
www.freebase.com/m/0fqzxww	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	what continent released  weathered
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/021ssl	which comic book writer was born in pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/0h53wnw	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	where was (29170) 1990 oa3 discovered?
www.freebase.com/m/03cgw0s	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/language	www.freebase.com/m/06mp7	What is the origin of the name bjarne
www.freebase.com/m/0chzk_3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01jnld	What is the subject of the sacred band
www.freebase.com/m/0crtlq_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the film the hidden epidemic: heart disease in america?
www.freebase.com/m/0y28z	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02r5s2	What state college is in farmingdale, new york?
www.freebase.com/m/0b1f49	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/075yg2	what's a film that brad grey produced
www.freebase.com/m/0fjqt2g	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dx4zqk	What is a song from the album green street?
www.freebase.com/m/04g2tdb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of netlfix film is hachi: a dog's tale?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhc9hj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country is the tonight starring steve allen program produce
www.freebase.com/m/0fffv27	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02kv_4	What artist recorded ave maria
www.freebase.com/m/027f914	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	what profession does khao belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02stn0	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/020mfr	What industry does game arts operate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0b97gg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05bkf	where did leonardo conti die
www.freebase.com/m/02pyjr6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what kind of musical genre is the album essential vol 2
www.freebase.com/m/0vm42	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nj7b	What county is rochester hills, michigan in?
www.freebase.com/m/027jh73	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what is the color of jenkins high school 
www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05p83p7	which football players are from paris
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/08l2r8	Name a baseball player.
www.freebase.com/m/03h64c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0pb480n	what is on of sonny stitt's album?
www.freebase.com/m/0skr073	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0skby9w	what is the track list on the release nemesis
www.freebase.com/m/04my4zf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	What type of music does profili profili play?
www.freebase.com/m/02vrglp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is tentacles
www.freebase.com/m/05b_qx	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dtkwyw	what track was ronnie montrose the producer of
www.freebase.com/m/02r0586	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	the south shaolin master is a film from this genre.
www.freebase.com/m/07l4_hf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5qbb	what genre is lebanon under in netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/05znzbq	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/012t_z	What is the profession of david david?
www.freebase.com/m/0_p77w1	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/04205z	Who is the mother of hazel krasinski?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxfz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m91	which category would the philadelphia story (film) appear in on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/05lzn9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	Which language is the composition blue bayou in
www.freebase.com/m/0b6s4zn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is a man, a girl and another man?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxl61m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fxl5_q	What type of recording it zulu
www.freebase.com/m/064lp4z	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what gameplay modes are available on assassin's creed: bloodlines
www.freebase.com/m/04hwjw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	who is the publisher for the game michael jackson's moonwalker?
www.freebase.com/m/0g54f1t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What genre is srƒëan brankoviƒá classified as
www.freebase.com/m/04878sq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is leaning pines in?
www.freebase.com/m/0km2w2h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/030cq_w	which album was nevada on
www.freebase.com/m/0gmfr6j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is stella ambler?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtdz5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/025tn39	what is the active ingredient of nabumetone 750 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jw3vg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is promised land
www.freebase.com/m/038t98k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lp3qwn	What is the track list for the release what's left?
www.freebase.com/m/01z_btv	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0jgj7	Which county is merritt island located in
www.freebase.com/m/0f_gskx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mvvqz3	What is a track from greatest hits top 100?
www.freebase.com/m/07sl9v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	what label is mark volman signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0j0xgtw	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what member of asteroid group is (9118) 1997 gd20
www.freebase.com/m/0cpl4g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is somonauk creek in
www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bdg2s	what is a title in the vampire genre?
www.freebase.com/m/07hm4n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04f167	where are the revs from
www.freebase.com/m/020_h5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f4nm_	what is the name of a sound collage artist
www.freebase.com/m/017g21	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0fbjq3b	what tracks did roger waters produce
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0k3h7np	name a heavy metal  album released in september 2012
www.freebase.com/m/0zxwnp0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01ldw4	who was the lyricist of the song  everything louder than everything else
www.freebase.com/m/0nm5894	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02wbdmk	what artist does eclipse belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0c03yz_	who is a male character in the crucible?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9q5ps	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/0c5sm	what is the composition style of bel piacere e godere
www.freebase.com/m/05hfdb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Which country is the shire of plantagenet located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0pp4tt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvycq	which artist recorded 1999 (keep steppin)
www.freebase.com/m/0bv7t	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vdw3l	What book edition did Toni Morrison publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3m9n7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What language is spoken in everything is incredible
www.freebase.com/m/018mmj	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/026yy9	who was buried in forest lawn memorial park?
www.freebase.com/m/02yh8l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bmhcdb	What's an example of a k-pop album
www.freebase.com/m/07yw6d	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does the football player Serhat Akin play?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfx8g	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	Which position does ricardo rinc√≥n play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/038gr5	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_facility/teams	www.freebase.com/m/032yps	What's a team that uses bmo harris bradley center
www.freebase.com/m/0k68t	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is autauga county in?
www.freebase.com/m/04f5crn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hknf	Name Jacapo Bonfadio's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/045nd4k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03_2mx	Who wrote the mayor of castro street
www.freebase.com/m/080srr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what's carla dunlap's ehtnicity
www.freebase.com/m/03k813	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	What position does lee roy selmon play
www.freebase.com/m/026fy0r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dvt0	where did blas valera die
www.freebase.com/m/04lxnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01gfkl4	What's n album from don omar
www.freebase.com/m/0nb8y_g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	Which music genre does valerie june fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0yw4z	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09v3kwv	which architect was given birth in delaware
www.freebase.com/m/04w98p8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05kkdt	Who is the author of "Personal Demons"?
www.freebase.com/m/08nlrn	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0185gs	Who was a founder of the zimbabwe congress of trade unions
www.freebase.com/m/03h64	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crtlyp	what is a hong kong genre film in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/068sxg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a gameplay mode in dance 86.4 funky radio station
www.freebase.com/m/082v1h	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	WHat's an instrument that eloy fritsch played
www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_support/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0bxbhjq	which famous painting was painted on a canvas?
www.freebase.com/m/0y8pwc_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was 538 dance smash - hits of the year 2012 released on?
www.freebase.com/m/03ylbdv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What system is 4321 zero within
www.freebase.com/m/01hnq8h	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	what kind of music is on back to mine: groove armada
www.freebase.com/m/0nq0q3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0klsnwc	name a track in the music recording poison
www.freebase.com/m/07zq2c	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/04nvbmz	which movie was directed by jeremy gilley
www.freebase.com/m/03hp9wn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	Which netflix genre does showbiz belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01lfnyb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is live dates?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtb5b5	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was mind chaos released in
www.freebase.com/m/07s7mn4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is the film almost human from
www.freebase.com/m/03yg383	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which star does 20969 samo orbit
www.freebase.com/m/03hfw4d	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_type/aircraft_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/05z1vc9	what is a model of a regional jet
www.freebase.com/m/0b6n34g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what kind of music is chris sorbello
www.freebase.com/m/0ch4prt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	is 25430 ericlarson an asteroid or a planet
www.freebase.com/m/04ypyy	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0vg8	which industry is west coast air in
www.freebase.com/m/030bvj7	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what region is love scenes released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0260pv0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of artist is sam taylor
www.freebase.com/m/04y8wvp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dw2gj2	what is the name of a track by  heartanger
www.freebase.com/m/04bf0_	www.freebase.com/internet/blogger/blog	www.freebase.com/m/03wnmk	what blog is  xeni jardin the blogger of
www.freebase.com/m/023qgj	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vrhn_	What is a published book edition that was authored by john jakes?
www.freebase.com/m/0xl9g	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v0hjl3	what person was born in mount holly?
www.freebase.com/m/05cd3nz	www.freebase.com/time/event/instance_of_recurring_event	www.freebase.com/m/032gdy	what is a recurring event of 2004 brickyard 400
www.freebase.com/m/0bn0gb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of genre is  inuyasha the movie: fire on the mystic island
www.freebase.com/m/03y8gw8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is jatto ceesay a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/01m9t0r	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/033h8z	what artist released high society?
www.freebase.com/m/048rc35	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m2kw	What county is canterbury in
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dwd3l8	What's a compilation album by tom tom club
www.freebase.com/m/07l8v89	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/07l8tz_	What season features the episode kirsten dunst
www.freebase.com/m/01hm0_y	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	What type of music is 80‚Äì85
www.freebase.com/m/0b713z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0w0cbd9	What tracks are by billychildspiano?
www.freebase.com/m/097ns	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/01t4q6	what is a cause of cirrhosis
www.freebase.com/m/01k3_v0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0c34hp	whats the name of the label that  southerncultureontheskids records to
www.freebase.com/m/0dxpf6k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lslrj	who recorded cherry
www.freebase.com/m/0cmc2	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03f74g	what english officer was involved in the crimean war
www.freebase.com/m/0446pr	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	which species is in lestat de lioncourt
www.freebase.com/m/04kl98b	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/03npzj	What treatment is used for the disease vulvovaginal candidiasis
www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06b_zh	Who's a swedish musician that plays power pop
www.freebase.com/m/03gy1c_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	what type of music is caledonia
www.freebase.com/m/0d3wc8	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/09nzjk	who wrote the film jenifer 
www.freebase.com/m/0lk7m_k	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037r4n_	what release includes the release track evolution
www.freebase.com/m/0351lh	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0s0f6	whats the nearest travel destination to  waimea canyon state park
www.freebase.com/m/04j13ts	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	What kind of film is running mates 
www.freebase.com/m/01npy3z	www.freebase.com/music/album/acquire_webpage	www.freebase.com/m/01npxrn	what album contains the song attack!!
www.freebase.com/m/01p4fhp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xxc4f	What tracks are by thereiversofficial
www.freebase.com/m/05mzkr2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is echiabhi okodugha?
www.freebase.com/m/05c16mb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	what is the nationality of fatih erko√ß?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmc8bb	www.freebase.com/award/competition/winner	www.freebase.com/m/02qzw	Who was the winner of miss america 1982 competition?
www.freebase.com/m/0b446r1	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/032y08	what crime film did barbra matis directed
www.freebase.com/m/0b1kgq	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/07vlsx	which company produced peter pan
www.freebase.com/m/038_96	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where in europe is wombwell located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mycn77	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	what was clare asher's profession
www.freebase.com/m/09sc0sc	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0154x6	who wrote the screenplay for strange wives
www.freebase.com/m/06r2br	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/soundtracks	www.freebase.com/m/01p2gzp	What's the soundtrack for mega man x3
www.freebase.com/m/0m_mph_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fypvvp	which album was california part of
www.freebase.com/m/04pxm5	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/03g_gxj	what is a symptom of red eye
www.freebase.com/m/027r4j	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/06gx6m	whats the name of heber j. grant's father?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0hhbq	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is a region that how to lose friends & alienate people was released in
www.freebase.com/m/0vb3mkk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hn4h	where was  elly tran born
www.freebase.com/m/0j7bv0l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	what is chris laine's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0236jq	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	What country does wieprz run through
www.freebase.com/m/0j7tyzf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0fxf3g	who wrote them, robot
www.freebase.com/m/0mcm44p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dnbf7h	what is the release track on melbourne
www.freebase.com/m/02rnyyt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	which movie genre is sioux city found in
www.freebase.com/m/01hmyk6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Name the release type of still life: american concert 1981
www.freebase.com/m/02pn2l5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of book is the hard way?
www.freebase.com/m/0l2l_	www.freebase.com/wine/wine_sub_region/wines	www.freebase.com/m/040vh03	Name a wine produced hardin cellars in napa county?
www.freebase.com/m/01jw6m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	which genre is resurrection
www.freebase.com/m/0crfp7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lphb	which city was cy bahakel born 
www.freebase.com/m/0h7q0jf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what category is (8107) 1995 br4 associated with 
www.freebase.com/m/03_st10	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was staying a life released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04kb5n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02wbm	What kind of program is 30 minute meals?
www.freebase.com/m/01k54gr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is thornography?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0cmb80f	what is a minor belt planet that orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/02rxc9t	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	is holy spirit catholic school a private school or public 
www.freebase.com/m/01l_pn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	what language is charlie's angels: full throttle spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/083v63	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0nfvn	Where was asie payton born
www.freebase.com/m/04wgtn2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what type of book would a history of pi be
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03q9ccj	name a person with the profession of screenwriter. 
www.freebase.com/m/01k_mv	www.freebase.com/architecture/building_function/buildings	www.freebase.com/m/03cypls	What is an example of a building that is used as a department store
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bq599	What is the name of a rock music album?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp7csy	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the best of
www.freebase.com/m/0dmvlq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is francesca smith male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0s8yx20	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what type of game is colin mcrae rally
www.freebase.com/m/0bfhvpj	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01ws8vd	Who produced free?
www.freebase.com/m/080628p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	What is the genre of the album to the bride?
www.freebase.com/m/039y86k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ltgbdb	What's a song from the release drinking watermelon sugar
www.freebase.com/m/07kpvn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	what city did vasily radlov die in
www.freebase.com/m/0fv3mvq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the type of album of las vegas 10?
www.freebase.com/m/025xjdr	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/06y9v	Which city is the organization east of england ambulance service located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcy5zf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r00l	Where did hal england pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/037s0_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	what type of movie is baseketball
www.freebase.com/m/03hhp3y	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	what instruments does fernando garibay play
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gh1xv	Who is a notable figure that was born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0g1jg0	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	What is Bill Wallace's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jqh5j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0238mf	who composed go home girl
www.freebase.com/m/05q7yb4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01xbld	What is bill cleary's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/0dp4lv	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0dq86y	what game did n3v games develop
www.freebase.com/m/0139zp	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/03yw5hm	what category of food items does black pepper fall within
www.freebase.com/m/02796tl	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0gyvgw	Where was speedy hire founded?
www.freebase.com/m/052p574	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/service_type	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	What is the service type for 32 cowie hill transit line?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhgkmv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is the profession of sharon dickman
www.freebase.com/m/02r4y7l	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what subject is the book The diamond as big as the ritz?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj_wvt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is vital signs in
www.freebase.com/m/025r_51	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	is madden nfl 2003 a multiplayer or single player game
www.freebase.com/m/09gkmwd	www.freebase.com/interests/collection_category/parent_category	www.freebase.com/m/01xmqj	what is the parent category to garden gnome
www.freebase.com/m/05fxsw	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/04v6v	what islands were named after john marshall
www.freebase.com/m/0c4xww	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	whats josephine johnson's job
www.freebase.com/m/0ykf8f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030064q	What was the album eclipse released in 2003?
www.freebase.com/m/038lbl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01dzyc	In which Colombian city did alberto lleras camargo die
www.freebase.com/m/04j_gs	www.freebase.com/base/webvideo/internet_video_director/videos_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0_h7h2w	what's one video that rob corddry directed
www.freebase.com/m/0318kl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bytsc	what genre is the artist doves (band)
www.freebase.com/m/0ctzf1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/036zwh	what is the subject of the transformers
www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/010w76	Name a place located in the pacific time zone
www.freebase.com/m/04q7qvp	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are the school colors of weiser high school?
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03c7hb6	Who is a short stop baseball player?
www.freebase.com/m/0802wp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0281s1	Where did jason robards die?
www.freebase.com/m/02h1qb	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/04xn_	In what country is shan state
www.freebase.com/m/050zgq1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	what subject is managing expert systems based on
www.freebase.com/m/06wq_q8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/09xfxj	which series has the episode austin
www.freebase.com/m/02qn9yx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of mignon g. eberhart?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0hzm9dt	What happened during world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/0gqwd4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	How did dennis burkley die?
www.freebase.com/m/07cffz4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07kwdy6	What is an episode of talk of the town
www.freebase.com/m/04s396	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cl2y	Which record label is ricky wilson apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/0sp341	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032dwvl	the recording birthday girl is from what release
www.freebase.com/m/02z0kdq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mgp	In what city was john chanter born
www.freebase.com/m/0b5kxhw	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01gkmx	who is the son of ann paula cusack
www.freebase.com/m/0hmxcxs	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/04qk5q	Who is the child of marie pelzl 
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxrf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02z9tb	which rock band is played on the station kjkk-fm
www.freebase.com/m/0jt7gj	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0k5j9	which story did dick huemer contribute in
www.freebase.com/m/06ycg4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of fatalna ljubav 
www.freebase.com/m/0f8gn5f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mhln4w	List a track from the release copout
www.freebase.com/m/02px0nw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	What country is arturo ledesma from?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy_hzf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What member of the asteroid group is (11186) 1998 hc120?
www.freebase.com/m/080s8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is karen traviss's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2426s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what genre of music does sepalcure belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0klf7r5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0308_3d	What album was clarence thomas released on
www.freebase.com/m/0d1qmz	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0ff2k	Who wrote you only live twice
www.freebase.com/m/0gd9k	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/02q6hzh	Name a character created by kevin smith
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dvsh_	Name a black-and-white film.
www.freebase.com/m/0_k2dt_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is hard times spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/0b1bty	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050l8	which state does little big horn college reside in
www.freebase.com/m/07dlq_g	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_game/away_team	www.freebase.com/m/0289q	which team was the away team in the denver broncos at san diego chargers, 2009-10-19 game
www.freebase.com/m/0gd8151	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v504	What musician recorded the song free
www.freebase.com/m/02p6cb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0294j	what is the subject of reaper man
www.freebase.com/m/09gr2k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0c663	Which region is monteleone di puglia located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04_j6cp	www.freebase.com/exhibitions/exhibition/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02lqsx	which museum held the biedermeier, from craftsmanship to design exhibit?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqr014	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fcsd	Who is the recording artist of enso kai: live at the budokan. tokyo 1983?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkl8hv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	Where is marina albuquerque from?
www.freebase.com/m/04g51	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/01qq4_	which literary work is about the literature subject
www.freebase.com/m/0gl4bp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	Which language is the tv program la job in
www.freebase.com/m/04c2g_k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mp1f	what city and state is whitestone estates located in
www.freebase.com/m/032016	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b64ssg	who directed the film art style of last action hero?
www.freebase.com/m/03c07w5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what kind of school is mihai eminescu national college, constan≈£a
www.freebase.com/m/01z52t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cntg6	Who was born in motherwell?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjr5f6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03h314x	What is manila known for?
www.freebase.com/m/035w5g1	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was are you with me? released 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv9cj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of proactiv gentle formula clearifying night?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdcf_	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/biofluid_location	www.freebase.com/m/0451sz	which biofluid location contains 2-aminobenzoic acid?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr9s4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was the original language for the book  jekyll and heidi
www.freebase.com/m/02zktk	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/02zktk	What genre is the film the pasha's daughter
www.freebase.com/m/0k1gm_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	what state did scot armstrong originate from
www.freebase.com/m/03nfnx	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01gb54	which company produced shrek the third?
www.freebase.com/m/03q9ps	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02rd1xx	What does somogy county contain?
www.freebase.com/m/06xr8p9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/039cq4	what series is the tv episode ludacris from
www.freebase.com/m/026360	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/congressional_caucus/current_house_members	www.freebase.com/m/022rbw	name a house member of the new democrat coalition 
www.freebase.com/m/06mybh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/06x2ww	Which label is julie roberts apart of
www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/08f3b1	Who is a politician of the english people?
www.freebase.com/m/06mc3r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05r79	What type of philosophy is the subject of the book empire
www.freebase.com/m/0kyms8y	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02jc2g	who is the publisher for scholastic math missions?
www.freebase.com/m/0ckfhc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Where is the saha institute of nuclear physics
www.freebase.com/m/0_j_hcj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the compositional form of number one
www.freebase.com/m/0mhdg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02zww	who was born in oise
www.freebase.com/m/01795t	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0407yj_	what car based animation was release by walt disney pictures
www.freebase.com/m/01x1rdl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type of music does steve bailey make
www.freebase.com/m/0jx8gtn	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0dmw5p	Which manufacture produced the drug quetiapine fumarate 300 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/06r7c2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04hqz	Where was william ticknor's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2f7w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/072plz	who wrote the book the franchise
www.freebase.com/m/0cq229t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0gnjh	What is a classic netflix film
www.freebase.com/m/036mpc	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	What is spironolactone used to treat?
www.freebase.com/m/0hql_14	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is fexofenadine hydrochloride 180 film coated tablet available in?
www.freebase.com/m/07nx0cd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01psv5	Where was isidro b. maiztegui's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/026w5hv	www.freebase.com/architecture/type_of_museum/museums	www.freebase.com/m/0264qq0	what is an example of a contemporary art gallery
www.freebase.com/m/0hgmmf4	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01c1px	who produced the movie sweet and sourdough
www.freebase.com/m/0x7pf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what is the time zone of wilcox
www.freebase.com/m/03fskyy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l_jpm0	What is a track from the compilation tsunamy / milk?
www.freebase.com/m/04w5w45	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what subject is a part of intelligence failure
www.freebase.com/m/02cswy	www.freebase.com/base/morelaw/lawsuit/plaintiff	www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	Who was the plaintiff for microsoft corp. v. lindows.com, inc. lawsuit?
www.freebase.com/m/05vw14b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2v0	where is florida did suzanne keller die?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5yqh5	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0g5yqf5	What was the first release of the album children of a lesser god called?
www.freebase.com/m/028qyn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g0s4c	Name an album by Herb Alpert.
www.freebase.com/m/0rybdqt	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What profession is kate le in
www.freebase.com/m/0bfp8_	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/014l4w	what is the production company of the outside chance of maximilian glick?
www.freebase.com/m/04jyhz	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/nris_listing/significance_level	www.freebase.com/m/05gk2gv	what is the significance of quincy market?
www.freebase.com/m/01h9bct	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is load?
www.freebase.com/m/01xczx	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/05bpnkw	What is a mansard roof
www.freebase.com/m/05pd5r	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/072tfh	what kind of school is king george v school
www.freebase.com/m/01y27r	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j5b2hv	who was diana vreeland's mother
www.freebase.com/m/01qfj6n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	What label is psychefunkapus2 signed to
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j0g1d	which movie is an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0v43l0r	Name a model (person).
www.freebase.com/m/02lzv1	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/067xd	what is the license for microsoft visio 
www.freebase.com/m/017rqm	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/040yjk	who is an activist that fought for  female suffrage
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m95	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/073yfg	Name a romantic foreign movies on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0zhm56z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	2.99 cent blues is what form of music?
www.freebase.com/m/02q2wl3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/09b3v	what genre does college road trip belong to on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/06_xfq3	what is a video sports game for MLB?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_bt8s	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/015mcg8	What is a recording of the track i want candy?
www.freebase.com/m/0mqdmkq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0ftg_7x	what is a recording of wyoming?
www.freebase.com/m/026rfw0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02hqvs	Where did johannes p√§√§suke pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/014mgc	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/017xhm	what mountain range is mount washington a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0gzb2f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what type of music is sampooran
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/09v6833	name a professional film director.
www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dtfzlq	what is a song by richard m. sherman
www.freebase.com/m/064dt3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dh53	whats the subject of the written work the owl and the pussycat
www.freebase.com/m/0_lyh4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02vnpv	Who is the producer from the recording of angels and angles
www.freebase.com/m/0nhcnn7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	What is giorgos mihailidis's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0crs00n	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is antony and cleopatra
www.freebase.com/m/074f24	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0pth	who did the music for the film la chinoise
www.freebase.com/m/023zwx	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/0277vhg	what book does  marco (animorphs) appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0122wc	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/02l6l8	Where is the team real sociedad located?
www.freebase.com/m/0_63r_x	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is life goes on
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gg79w_	who is an Argentina goalkeeper
www.freebase.com/m/0_6tl8z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what kind of release is do or die?
www.freebase.com/m/07450r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin of the show the new fred and barney show
www.freebase.com/m/070q7g	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	what is the subject of country of my skull 
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/02z38r6	What is the name of science fiction game?
www.freebase.com/m/04t16q7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01t6sq	who is the author of fell of dark 
www.freebase.com/m/0_lx_35	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the film "greater threat" filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/025sc50	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rxqkm	what is a contemporary r&b album
www.freebase.com/m/0p8vxh_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xn5b	where was jumpshot born 
www.freebase.com/m/043rkj9	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01vt3m	the sunnyside is an example of what style of architecture 
www.freebase.com/m/03rtqd	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t4c7w	What is a written work by jamaica kincaid?
www.freebase.com/m/0408jg_	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	Which position did bill windle play?
www.freebase.com/m/0736ml	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is the hate-monger's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0fwqt	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0ry98	What's a mountain in montgomery county
www.freebase.com/m/0gldpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone does porto azzurro fall under
www.freebase.com/m/0nfp7z6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what is sakura's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0mr_112	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fwqdz7	What album is africa featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6mdx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01pj7	what country was slaughtered released in
www.freebase.com/m/04jb0zc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what type of music does abb√† pater make
www.freebase.com/m/079t3s	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02vsw1	what is robert perloff's ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0gmgv2q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is i want that you are always happy
www.freebase.com/m/04w693k	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	What genre of book is mystery man
www.freebase.com/m/0ybkwm5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f6k1s	which artist released unsound festival ny 2010?
www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03nr97y	which cinematographer was born in poland
www.freebase.com/m/03c91hx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0m32h	did aditya vikram birla die of prostate cancer or lung cancer
www.freebase.com/m/0jf6rr6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is khaled habib el kebich's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/0hg45	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/02_0mv	what is a treatment for the disease  angina pectoris
www.freebase.com/m/026z9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gb3l5	What is an album of disco music?
www.freebase.com/m/05p585m	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what religion is farooq naek
www.freebase.com/m/0j_my	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/025yfpz	Who died form the electric chair?
www.freebase.com/m/0spdg2b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n2pkr	which musician has i shall be released
www.freebase.com/m/09qxy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/021plp	How did robert oppenheimer die
www.freebase.com/m/02hqp44	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04pbhw	What type of genre is "The X-Men #1"?
www.freebase.com/m/06tt_4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fr0t	where was tommy shannon born 
www.freebase.com/m/09sn6x	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02n9k	who helped found the national youth administration
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0g4_rc2	what is the planetary system of the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5t9w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07nk4	what is the name of a movie or tv show for ages 8 to 10 on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/07jfds	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/owner	www.freebase.com/m/07z2x8	Who owns the the scone advocate newspaper
www.freebase.com/m/0j9bf04	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the film ciao bambino
www.freebase.com/m/01qs6ln	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02wmg7	what label is old crow medicine show under?
www.freebase.com/m/0qzfcg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/03t6bc	who was the engineer for the recording lets go get stoned 
www.freebase.com/m/019fp2g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/063tn	which artist recorded swan lake: act i: introduction / no. 1. sc√®ne 
www.freebase.com/m/02nyjt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dq8ft	What are three places located in zenica-doboj canton?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3vzm1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was shouting at wildlife?
www.freebase.com/m/026g51	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01k9mq3	What is the name of an artist who sings outlaw country?
www.freebase.com/m/0mmwwv5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f906_h	What's the recorded version of the song happy days
www.freebase.com/m/0rps144	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	Where did paul cazeneuve die?
www.freebase.com/m/07zy6q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/04x73	Who composed looks that kill?
www.freebase.com/m/04lfdy2	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of art does anastasiya markovich  produce
www.freebase.com/m/02xry	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03ryds	which schools are located in florida?
www.freebase.com/m/0crx1qh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is just business filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/097yyhh	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0d2qw8	what films has jon gary steele done production design on
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7wbn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	which genre is alien sex video
www.freebase.com/m/03jh4kh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was live in montreal released 
www.freebase.com/m/08qlmr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was left behind ii: tribulation force filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/01q4jk6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	which texas city does volcano, i'm still excited!! come from?
www.freebase.com/m/0jsldpc	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/04z5f3	What type of competition is flay vs. christensen?
www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqvbgr	what is the marketed formulation of titanium dioxide
www.freebase.com/m/0g9v4j6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is peter x. kelly.
www.freebase.com/m/04cr2k8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0727_	in what german city did hermann beckh die
www.freebase.com/m/02x72s3	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07f_7h	what film is dan lausten given credit as cinematographer?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvcjmj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was substance 1987 released 
www.freebase.com/m/0fd97dp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	What kind of music is the album this time next year?
www.freebase.com/m/03c290	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/organization_type	www.freebase.com/m/0c36ck	which organization type is tv land
www.freebase.com/m/075np64	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/09z273b	what is a book published by constable
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02qvzh5	What is a rock music album released by Roger Deltray
www.freebase.com/m/04yfrrt	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/020zhc	who directed the tenth symphony?
www.freebase.com/m/01tv3x2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music does tim armstrong play
www.freebase.com/m/02vy11	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zh0hlg	which music is composed by daryl hall
www.freebase.com/m/01xrnzb	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/03krzb	Who manufactured the boeing 767-200?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc6bz	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/07nww30	which event was macario shown at?
www.freebase.com/m/09hbld	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/012kk4	who wrote brazilian adventure
www.freebase.com/m/04ych	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dts0_	what is a college found in missouri
www.freebase.com/m/0bflyw_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is hassan brijany's gender
www.freebase.com/m/05f5k9z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04hqz	where was marcel ghanem born
www.freebase.com/m/0xnt49r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	gy√∂rgy mikl√≥sy's nationality is in what country
www.freebase.com/m/0csq61	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p31x0	which band is signed by phantom records
www.freebase.com/m/08fclx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025sc50	what genre of music does older (album) belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/05z_5dt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is river god?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3h224	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0kvrb	who released the album man on wire
www.freebase.com/m/03pc0f	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03pbvh	Who was mihail sadoveanu influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/058_srx	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/service_type	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	which transport vehicle services the 78 st. andrews line?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7p7pt	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/027ms9n	What organization did martin e. segal found?
www.freebase.com/m/04t1hq1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	what is the subject of grave secrets
www.freebase.com/m/0gj3hct	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06npd	what is lucia siposov√°'s nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01k9fgc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	what kind of music is the album something wicked this way comes
www.freebase.com/m/0mgqlz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01tr_xt	Who recorded london?
www.freebase.com/m/0h6llkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country did the film subhysteria come from
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5s8l	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/01jr4j	what are classic movies on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/01795t	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/023p7l	What is a popular film by walt disney pictures
www.freebase.com/m/03mb53s	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	What genre is the book wiseguy classified under
www.freebase.com/m/0kd86	www.freebase.com/time/holiday/day_of_year	www.freebase.com/m/0n97	what day of the year does lughnasadh take place
www.freebase.com/m/027hfy8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is caiera's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0n9gby8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	how can jerry and me be classified
www.freebase.com/m/0ngtxh0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0kx53	Where did artur pipan die?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsf4tw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What region in North America was street sweeper social club released in?
www.freebase.com/m/08_m84	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/030cx	from which tv show series does the the one with five steaks and an eggplant episode belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0c00bj8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	How did jeff andrus die
www.freebase.com/m/043rhmt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is maurice argent's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0lnhm_m	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038mgh8	What album was monarchy released on
www.freebase.com/m/051_n9n	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what is jose c. abriol's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_nxt	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does paulcollins play
www.freebase.com/m/0rrm3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0crm6l	what person was born in winter haven, florida?
www.freebase.com/m/0d2lsp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0byj4	What was the genre of the computer game street smart?
www.freebase.com/m/02qcrc2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is elizabeth couchman's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4r15	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	whats the nationality of  patrick merla
www.freebase.com/m/027_gfd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01zm67	What artist made an acapella christmas
www.freebase.com/m/04dbl2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	does nailbomb play hardcore punk or techno
www.freebase.com/m/0cl2lt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre is ayesha
www.freebase.com/m/0cv6ykt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country made the film leading ladies
www.freebase.com/m/03c723	www.freebase.com/sports/boxing_weight_division/boxers_rated_at_this_weight	www.freebase.com/m/03crs8h	Who is a welterweight boxer
www.freebase.com/m/0g_b_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	David Copperfield, the novel, was written in which language?
www.freebase.com/m/027p3x1	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wg2l_	What is the title of a practical theology book?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3p8j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what kind of music is on studio 1
www.freebase.com/m/0kd86	www.freebase.com/time/holiday/day_of_year	www.freebase.com/m/0n97	What day of the year is lughnasadh?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3wmg7	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type did walking with the night have?
www.freebase.com/m/07yr6s	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01ncxn	who manufactured the aircraft model sikorsky h-5
www.freebase.com/m/04x1_w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was olivia wilde born
www.freebase.com/m/03pxk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what country is chifeng university in?
www.freebase.com/m/06pj8	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/01s7w3	What is a film about tornados that was produced by steven spielberg
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/037bl8	what is a game with single_player as its gameplay mode
www.freebase.com/m/05p9s4l	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	what is the genre of heat
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04mzf_c	What is the name of a black-and-white film?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jdv8n	What's an example of a song
www.freebase.com/m/0k2zr10	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0kymf6p	Which tv series takes place in atlanta?
www.freebase.com/m/027nmln	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is  nirpal singh dhaliwal known for being
www.freebase.com/m/03m6_1r	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mn3ws	What artist is signed to dr. strange records?
www.freebase.com/m/02qqdr6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026yn0	what kind of music is hora enamorada
www.freebase.com/m/074w0jy	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01f6vb	who is dennis rochas child
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhbxv	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is strattera 60 capsule manufactured in?
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bs0db8	what's an example of a crime fiction film
www.freebase.com/m/04j2csq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country produced the film two orphan vampires
www.freebase.com/m/077bts	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of tv show is cold case files 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsbw2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0bdcn	what is the main source of the codfish 0.05 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/09mt21	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	Which language is the film to whom does the world belong? in
www.freebase.com/m/04gl2_7	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	vangelis georgiou plays what position
www.freebase.com/m/03chr_	www.freebase.com/business/company_termination_type/companies	www.freebase.com/m/01xsd6	what company used the rebranding marketing strategy
www.freebase.com/m/037zj0	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/08g7b6	who is al lopez's namesake 
www.freebase.com/m/03qpfs1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/05p19y	which company published in nomine?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjjsc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What country is the city mezzanino in?
www.freebase.com/m/0135xb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037n97	What genre of music does joe jackson (musician) make
www.freebase.com/m/018y2s	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0frkp4	which song did dave matthews compose 
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/026gnlf	Who is an artist of indie rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5s2xp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0mp3l	where is the artist wes swing from
www.freebase.com/m/03klg7	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_creator/series_created	www.freebase.com/m/046vljq	which series was created by mike grell
www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	www.freebase.com/interests/hobby/people_with_this_hobby	www.freebase.com/m/0_lprhx	Who had the hobby of football
www.freebase.com/m/0dbhd9	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	what position is amanda lassiter 
www.freebase.com/m/0gj6kfx	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02jqbw	Who produced south sea rose
www.freebase.com/m/0284b8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is tim barrett's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/024sbq	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03c4b2s	chanson is a genre that what artist plays
www.freebase.com/m/0x2ftl3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is darren walker originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0crv86d	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is no doubt: rock steady live from
www.freebase.com/m/09rq_7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is samuel roy mckelvie a citizen of the united states or australia
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0153nq	who is a rock music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/013lwm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04_bsn_	what is fort hood best known as
www.freebase.com/m/0f_gbjx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mvt9tc	what track is part of ohio
www.freebase.com/m/026z4ky	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0s048	where was  nautica thorn born
www.freebase.com/m/03ydl0l	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What genre is the film were the world mine?
www.freebase.com/m/03yg6sh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where is the star system body 10367 sayo  located
www.freebase.com/m/02mdty	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/02ckk	what is a game published by gt interactive
www.freebase.com/m/0qbz3jk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0qg2fm_	which release is venus from?
www.freebase.com/m/04fy64h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	which genre would me and will be under?
www.freebase.com/m/0knfs	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09k65pr	what's the name of a painter from aix-en-provence
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02qkcfw	Name a title that can be found in the netflix genre india.
www.freebase.com/m/0266z3q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is tracy pratt's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01hvt8	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/anime_manga_character/anime_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/020qr4	what anime appearances has chao (sonic the hedgehog) made
www.freebase.com/m/0307_g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What type of music does archiveuk group perform?
www.freebase.com/m/01ldk8k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What type of music does east 17 create
www.freebase.com/m/02x0c8k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the beekeepers apprentice written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mwx6	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0zpg_	What is the name of a city located in cambria county, pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/0bsj9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k7s30	What is the name of a album produce by the anthrax band?
www.freebase.com/m/0h29_0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qx1	what is the nationality of carlos carrasco?
www.freebase.com/m/0cpbwyf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01v__b	what capital is north atlantic fisheries college located in
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kcbw2	What is the title of an electronica album?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ndyzt	What's a hard rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/01jn4jb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release did the ultimate collection have?
www.freebase.com/m/05f3_q8	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album fun
www.freebase.com/m/0879mp	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/014031	What constellation is psi3 aquarii in
www.freebase.com/m/0g6wx17	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01npmc_	What artist recorded caribbean?
www.freebase.com/m/0p4qf	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0tjpf	What are cities in avoyelles parish, louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/01jglnr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What type of album is wildside?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvdyb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	what type of game is nascar rumble?
www.freebase.com/m/055rd2	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bqch	who influenced michael craig-martin
www.freebase.com/m/047dzms	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01rhrd	which country is dejan jurkiƒç from
www.freebase.com/m/07zc3w	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	What is michelle paver's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01vxsj6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p4pmg	What is a track by leaetherstrip?
www.freebase.com/m/0kq7gx4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02k_kn	what kinds of music is played by jim mayer
www.freebase.com/m/0m76b	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0bb0pbh	Name the thriller film written by roger corman.
www.freebase.com/m/0j_sch	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/09v4v1k	Name a film produced by sue baden-powell
www.freebase.com/m/02hlkyt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/065pg2	What's the original version of tekken 6
www.freebase.com/m/03k5l1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of david swift?
www.freebase.com/m/061z1z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of john light senior
www.freebase.com/m/0d7vtk	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bn994	who directed heroes (tv series)
www.freebase.com/m/027f1kc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of gary sullivan
www.freebase.com/m/013dkhb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01ny5fs	What album is sonny a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01y1xp	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/06274w	What is the ideology of the green party of aotearoa new zealand?
www.freebase.com/m/04rn17	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t4vs6	what book is written about the tudor period
www.freebase.com/m/0j64936	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what is the nationality of toni wilkens?
www.freebase.com/m/03n9dv	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	what kind type of video game is road runner
www.freebase.com/m/0gkxnt5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0g96wd	what is edward stobart's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/01jqty	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0fxhm5	Who was involved in siege of yorktown
www.freebase.com/m/0kv870	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0459q4	what language is used in the house of 72 tenants
www.freebase.com/m/08_8t8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is mistress of mistresses written in
www.freebase.com/m/0c3wx71	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022zk5	Where was tony lormor born
www.freebase.com/m/0crsllp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is the deadbeat club
www.freebase.com/m/0bcznm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who was richard t. sullivan
www.freebase.com/m/05xpb2f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is miriam winter?
www.freebase.com/m/098w7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where are the rotherfield greys
www.freebase.com/m/01dt_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/039v1	what does dave edmunds do
www.freebase.com/m/06zlc08	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language is mission to caracas written in
www.freebase.com/m/0dwdzqs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was dolores released
www.freebase.com/m/08brbc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does daniel ridgway knight have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0bkbm	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/075cp1	what are some titles of spy films
www.freebase.com/m/047qlkf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where in southern california did sherman block die
www.freebase.com/m/0slzdsg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01_ztw	who is the artist who recored original sin 
www.freebase.com/m/0fhsx9z	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zx4n6	what tracks are on 2001?
www.freebase.com/m/02vlj62	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b_vcz2	what film is the brave one (2007 film) by?
www.freebase.com/m/01450r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is charles w. morris from
www.freebase.com/m/027qgkf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is chad mustard's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0ws83t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vpcn5	Who recorded nightmare song
www.freebase.com/m/07kfsxm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What is phillip ean cohen's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0shz7dy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0sps2s7	which tracks are listed in the recording brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/0f1ps94	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format that the sickness is in 
www.freebase.com/m/01_bdd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where in france did georges-louis leclerc, comte de buffon die?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t1xbd	What's a book about the united states
www.freebase.com/m/03p85	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dbswz	where is the location of himachal pradesh?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crrssh	Name a drama
www.freebase.com/m/0fvfm6j	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is midnight train
www.freebase.com/m/01hnwml	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did lifeforms have?
www.freebase.com/m/02lt9c	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01qn114	Who composed eve of destruction (song)
www.freebase.com/m/048q4c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album content is sheryl crow and friends: live from central park?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0zhxp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language spoken in the 2012 comedy film mental
www.freebase.com/m/07j6_x	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/08vbkg	What is a fictional character created by louise berridge
www.freebase.com/m/052p__	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/09rs7c4	what tourist attraction is located in sabie, mpumalanga
www.freebase.com/m/027j94q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is martha mattox from?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hrjzf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vv7sc	What composer created afterlife?
www.freebase.com/m/02yygk	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0tw35t	what track did randy jackson produce
www.freebase.com/m/01ls_m8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	what genre of music does the artist  salvadorofficial make
www.freebase.com/m/0f4pgb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/015jr	where did robert alexander walker pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0h3x8w0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what type of movie is ninja kids!!!
www.freebase.com/m/0__yq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is los ybanez in
www.freebase.com/m/04s0m	www.freebase.com/base/skosbase/vocabulary_equivalent_topic/equivalent_concept	www.freebase.com/m/0bnw20k	What is an equivalent concecpt of metaphysics
www.freebase.com/m/0280hsm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0kcpgj0	what is the title of an episode of adventure time
www.freebase.com/m/01hr4hx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/079df	Chapter v is an album by which artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyp368	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01_30_	which company developed the game mech brigade
www.freebase.com/m/02qz1bh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does ernie cooksey play on the soccer field
www.freebase.com/m/02qgnsl	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/01cmcs	What class of vehicle is the mg 5
www.freebase.com/m/027931	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b78hw	Who influenced jerry fodor
www.freebase.com/m/02lvtb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01ll8tw	what's an album andy williams made
www.freebase.com/m/0cm7yh8	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	What is the unit size of 186th ohio infantry
www.freebase.com/m/0wzml1k	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is bethany johnson female or male
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0v4915f	what book is an autobiography?
www.freebase.com/m/04dbw3	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/04ldm_8	who is a cuban american lawyer?
www.freebase.com/m/0_24q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0tk6x3_	This actress was born in scranton.
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lcqy7	Which album was released as a single (music)?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg7s	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_6kdn0	what song was bill monroe the composer for 
www.freebase.com/m/03bx0zk	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w9168	what books are written about modern philosophy?
www.freebase.com/m/03xwfnl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q00t	what genre is the album why is there air??
www.freebase.com/m/03d0g8v	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/01jqty	in which conflict did alexander hay participate in
www.freebase.com/m/01wvnws	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0wm5vdq	what is the name of a gotye album
www.freebase.com/m/06w2sn5	www.freebase.com/base/icons/icon/icon_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mb94	what kind of icon is justin bieber
www.freebase.com/m/0h_dkd6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What style of music is exo
www.freebase.com/m/0h09nh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film ernest goes to school in
www.freebase.com/m/0273jk5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the genre of forest of bliss
www.freebase.com/m/026lr88	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02fp48	WHat army was involved in battle of plymouth
www.freebase.com/m/07s7gk6	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01p9bj_	who is a rap rock artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0174pr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05r70l	which siberian activist was born in podgorica
www.freebase.com/m/0sxch8l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city was lionel pina born
www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01vwg03	which italian composer who performed baroque music?
www.freebase.com/m/09ct_y	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02n9k	what American politician gave her name for the eleanor roosevelt national historic site
www.freebase.com/m/0jrgr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r3c00	what is the name of a Norwegian folk metal band
www.freebase.com/m/0j37_ln	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of hassan bashir
www.freebase.com/m/0jvb3nf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	Where did jan van raemdonck die?
www.freebase.com/m/0l2jb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/064qvkc	what city is mariposa county in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cpbh5g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0xnt5	where is queens degree college located?
www.freebase.com/m/04dztwv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw26	What sort of music was recorded for godspeed on the devil's thunder
www.freebase.com/m/06zpb7l	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What is the genre of the tv program, buzzer beat?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5k	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02ww8j6	Name an anthropology book
www.freebase.com/m/03h0f3j	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what type of book is the moon's a balloon
www.freebase.com/m/06www	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0cqdfv	which japanese tv shows features steampunk?
www.freebase.com/m/0lrm7k7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/024lrf3	what is the release track on prime minister
www.freebase.com/m/0b3pbt	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/story_specific_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/04kwy5d	What story does soranik natu appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0hn8y9c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02hgz	Where did guy goodliffe die
www.freebase.com/m/011ll4	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/04h4w	in what geological category is lake tahoe considered
www.freebase.com/m/0bjdd3v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is beast?
www.freebase.com/m/02vrgnr	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y9ccy	who wrote the hancock (film)
www.freebase.com/m/04yd8zv	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b478	who produced district 13: ultimatum
www.freebase.com/m/0bg635	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01smm	where is the artist savingjane from 
www.freebase.com/m/04jk0h4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where was the passengers shot
www.freebase.com/m/03pc89	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/037lyl	who is credited for the music in mash (film)
www.freebase.com/m/01snqb	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/03d4zdn	Who wrote the story of the film blue crush
www.freebase.com/m/01tfzs	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02rfl23	who is part of condottiere
www.freebase.com/m/0lds7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01xpg	where did dido (queen of carthage) die?
www.freebase.com/m/04gkl8c	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what kind of position does  cameron watson play in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/04w8_mj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0hkf	what subjects do the book salad bar beef discuss
www.freebase.com/m/01rqgp	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05t1v0	who did compose the music of irr√©versible
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hsrfk	what album is in the genre of rock music
www.freebase.com/m/03f0zzy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/09gjd8c	what are albums by jan garbarek?
www.freebase.com/m/0h94842	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02dsz1	what kind of music does kev gray & the gravy train play
www.freebase.com/m/0crwys2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the beginning filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/01q7tz_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/013l6l	Where did the spill canvas originate
www.freebase.com/m/01ghdw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what killed andr√©s rodr√≠guez
www.freebase.com/m/0n00	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	What type of religion does alan turing believe in
www.freebase.com/m/011bsfc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l7z76g	what track came off  whos that girl?
www.freebase.com/m/0llw85n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0384cp4	The release track new york is from what work of art
www.freebase.com/m/01n72y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	Where did the artist vincent lopez originate
www.freebase.com/m/0267n3l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what nationality is doug mcewen?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7zp8q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zm0zl	which song contains lost and found: 1970-1978
www.freebase.com/m/01zvqf	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/05zc90	what is the higher classification of the organism king eider?
www.freebase.com/m/07fzqh	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01vr7h	who was gunnar heiberg influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0k2lbfc	Name a post-hardcore album by To Speak of Wolves
www.freebase.com/m/0mm7n	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does bruce cockburn play 
www.freebase.com/m/03s2y9	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0crt12	what is a work directed by irwin allen
www.freebase.com/m/01k8h99	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which album is red sails in the sunset
www.freebase.com/m/014gd9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	Which genre of music is created by 3 doors down
www.freebase.com/m/0c4j6t	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	in which time zone is italian municipality of ponderano located
www.freebase.com/m/0gqdrw	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which position does fredrik str√∏mstad play?
www.freebase.com/m/0cvh0tz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	Which country was rosy cole born in
www.freebase.com/m/09582_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is bill mcgunnigle's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0dl4h2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02xhr73	What is mara santangelo's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0y5p6tk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the type of release that judy garland - lost tracks 1929-1959 had?
www.freebase.com/m/03jjs54	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0488j81	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is allan lake landing in
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/characters_that_have_lived_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h0x_z0	Who is a character that lived in england
www.freebase.com/m/03hmjyw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/04hqz	where's michel kammoun from
www.freebase.com/m/0lpdd2p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038wk9y	The track titled history was off of which album
www.freebase.com/m/0498y	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_place_of_origin/military_units	www.freebase.com/m/0h162pk	what is the military unit of kentucky?
www.freebase.com/m/066b7gk	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06d6y	which author was garret schuelke's influence?
www.freebase.com/m/0279yt6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where was hannah jane fox originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0gd9k3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was don't download this song composed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0jznj0t	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0mfj2	who did david steinberg influence?
www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02_7z_	what organization did paul mccartney help found
www.freebase.com/m/03y6g94	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0drc1	who created the music for the film  evergreen
www.freebase.com/m/0f32pw8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j78ct	what is a release on the recording sonny
www.freebase.com/m/05h50x9	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	What type of school is walnut hill elementary school?
www.freebase.com/m/03cq1mz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was william s. root born in?
www.freebase.com/m/02qwxbc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0v9qg	where was donnie tyndall born
www.freebase.com/m/04hg2p	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what position of pat swilling?
www.freebase.com/m/015vhwq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qqwp9	who is the artist of the recording i don't wanna be a soldier (remix)?
www.freebase.com/m/03ksy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0wxy7nm	who is an alumni involved in IT 
www.freebase.com/m/0xbt7k6	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nlnvxt	what recording and release track is titled santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/0g58t8r	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does drew pomeranz, the baseball player, play
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crssry	Name a horror film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0g3n1t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is the profession said tayeb jawad is known for?
www.freebase.com/m/02wzdbj	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is black tie affair
www.freebase.com/m/0dpn4pl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0y_dbc	What is the canonical version of i miss you?
www.freebase.com/m/02r90qf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	Where did mikhail vladimirsky die?
www.freebase.com/m/01wb7wq	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zh4p6s	What is a composition by dj premier?
www.freebase.com/m/03g0zv8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of content is ieri, oggi?
www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/09d96s	which hurricane hit north carolina 
www.freebase.com/m/0mmy6	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/038426	what is wise county, virginia named after
www.freebase.com/m/0ftj7r3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	is the dancer a soundtrack or compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/049swd0	What's an example of an album featuring remixes
www.freebase.com/m/09zz_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what religion does david josef bach practice
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0fpj5b0	who is a goalkeeper in football?
www.freebase.com/m/078mh9	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	What is mike sekowsky's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0n_w8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048psk2	which city is located in pitkin county
www.freebase.com/m/023dlp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/077wnl0	What image is about charles crocker
www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m46xz	who is a warner music group artist
www.freebase.com/m/02tqxd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/06z2_j2	what are episodes by rich dahm
www.freebase.com/m/01938fc	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0_t68ky	whats a version of the song  greenpeace
www.freebase.com/m/0d76r	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hmr1h	What's an arcade game released by capcom
www.freebase.com/m/0jt86	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02vxkml	david brin influenced what horror writer?
www.freebase.com/m/0m4mb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/025rrvh	whats the name of a boarding school
www.freebase.com/m/0181j95	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0738nh	who was the artist that recorded the song monster
www.freebase.com/m/02rnjfd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/022tfrk	who is tony desantis
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h96gcm	What celestial body orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/0yt8l84	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tthgd	what type of music is us
www.freebase.com/m/01k7yzy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	What genre of music is jane siberry
www.freebase.com/m/0km51t_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dr846n	what is the album the story of my life is on 
www.freebase.com/m/05t4df	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/027g4wg	where does the  pemigewasset river originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0n7nllv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033nj27	which release was tomorrow in?
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrf09	what is a drug formulation of a topical?
www.freebase.com/m/01jzgkk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jzg6b	what albums are by avail
www.freebase.com/m/0wg0pq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/01b6ycl	What is the canonical version of fever?
www.freebase.com/m/0yc6lf2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	Where was gyula komp√≥thy born?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3k6p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/04x20z	who was the director of  the tv series episode sleepless
www.freebase.com/m/01hddb	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xp3y1	What is the name of a book published by national geographic
www.freebase.com/m/074x_f	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kinds of tv program is autumn in my heart
www.freebase.com/m/02ctzb	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/037t9m	Who is a person of the caucasian race
www.freebase.com/m/0f_x18	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0dtljvv	what is the recording of the composition being with you?
www.freebase.com/m/0sgg70k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language of the tv program chef wanted with anne burrell?
www.freebase.com/m/01nhjcv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was dissimulate released 
www.freebase.com/m/07h0pd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dyy8hy	what is a song by the dave brubeck quartet
www.freebase.com/m/091p21	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type of music does the saxophonist greg banaszak perform
www.freebase.com/m/0h6mldv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Which gender is the person ava lila rae niccol
www.freebase.com/m/07b9s0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the film the magic 7 in?
www.freebase.com/m/0v_n263	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljt3	what is albert galleron known for
www.freebase.com/m/031kbl	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/016ds5	what kind of formation is loihi seamount
www.freebase.com/m/021yq_	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0h2vl54	who is the child of joe piscopo
www.freebase.com/m/04j0nvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0429hq	Who made the story for the film ivana trump's for love alone
www.freebase.com/m/0bpjh3	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/04z2p0	Who is someone that is from the bengali people
www.freebase.com/m/05lw1c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is f. paul wilson
www.freebase.com/m/01m79cb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01m78th	Name an album that teddy pendergrass released
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxy4	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0133x7	who broadcasted planet hits radio . the mix
www.freebase.com/m/0_jh5sg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0473q	Who wrote the song from the end of the world
www.freebase.com/m/0486kcn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p325	What county is sandtown found in
www.freebase.com/m/05p7v6y	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0b79c7	What is the ethnicity of rasheed amjad?
www.freebase.com/m/04vq3fd	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0173ys	Who wrote the book justice hall
www.freebase.com/m/02hl_f8	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0q55f	what platform can you play streets of rage on?
www.freebase.com/m/0bgdt5r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/06xltj	which fictional universe does hester black appear in
www.freebase.com/m/02x75n	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0403l3g	What netflix genre is the film the john cena experience
www.freebase.com/m/0dmx6	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is easily affected by graves disease
www.freebase.com/m/09c0jx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/06wdmm	What period of visual arts is the work of Alfredo Volpi?
www.freebase.com/m/06qgxm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/026_7j9	what region is g√ºm√º≈ühane province in
www.freebase.com/m/0g54hmb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of tv program is brad meltzers decoded?
www.freebase.com/m/051_y	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0z_l1rv	who is a person that was killed of murder
www.freebase.com/m/02vphmj	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does mark cartwright play?
www.freebase.com/m/0qf11	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbx8w	who broadcasted  rod stewart
www.freebase.com/m/0zrrfjl	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03bxwtd	who composed xo
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wdw4c	What would be a speculative fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/06y7qg	www.freebase.com/food/candy_bar/sold_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the candy bar krackel sold
www.freebase.com/m/03ny9x	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04yq169	what book was written by joel osteen 
www.freebase.com/m/0crst6y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what genre is the film King of Thorn?
www.freebase.com/m/061vb4	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/06xzjp	who designed makuhari messe
www.freebase.com/m/0flq_p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what north american country is lili francks from
www.freebase.com/m/05qf1dk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06c9r	what kind of  book is the city of towers
www.freebase.com/m/05b2bjp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/010dsp	what is ernie wolf place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0c1gs3f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is cry of the innocent a drama or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mclm9	What is an folk music album by Rosanne Cash?
www.freebase.com/m/0mnzd	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/02w_c4b	Name a basketball team located in Fairfax, Virgina.
www.freebase.com/m/0crwc69	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0c_v2	what language do the characters speak in hard gun
www.freebase.com/m/07h0pd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jy1ms	Name an album by the artists the dave brubeck quartet
www.freebase.com/m/03xsby	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0gwdqfj	what films were released by lionsgate entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/0bfs2r9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what is maurice auberg√©'s nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0zdvbp6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/08966	what city was christos dervenis born in
www.freebase.com/m/055_fh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the discworld mapp written in
www.freebase.com/m/0l4k_yy	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0346y2p	which album is johannesburg featured 
www.freebase.com/m/03qjlg1	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/08d68m	Who contributed to the music of ping pong playa?
www.freebase.com/m/027tm5k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	What is the place of birth of thomas lauder?
www.freebase.com/m/03vrjx	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/03hk9g7	What station plays oldies?
www.freebase.com/m/03y3htp	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	What was the discovery site for 8980 heliaca
www.freebase.com/m/02qt6nh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05fx6	What genre of music does kate nash make?
www.freebase.com/m/04c2tyv	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/025sh_8	what greater area is rivercrest part of
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/02751mk	what is a single-player game released in 1993 for the super nintendo system
www.freebase.com/m/0dllth5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	What century is killing rage written about
www.freebase.com/m/03cyz0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is saeko shimazu
www.freebase.com/m/07238d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bn07	what mountain range is wetterhorn peak in?
www.freebase.com/m/03h5pfq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is ace high filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/07cghyd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was helicopter warfare originally filmed
www.freebase.com/m/03gx9b8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0xff	what is esam omeish's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/06_wnk1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is maxim d. shrayer's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0fjp6f	Which neighborhood is located in texas?
www.freebase.com/m/04jbkj9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film wicked as they come in
www.freebase.com/m/0ghw4td	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/school_in_fiction/students_graduates	www.freebase.com/m/038jtw	which sailor scout graduated from juuban municipal junior high school
www.freebase.com/m/053_2cj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	is survival of the fittest - live a live or studio album
www.freebase.com/m/0bmblfp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013yq	which city was cecil alexander born 
www.freebase.com/m/01zdf4t	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	in what time zone is discovery bay located
www.freebase.com/m/0zjpz	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0698d8	which music instrument is played in richie sambora
www.freebase.com/m/033l4mg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01dzrhy	what track is on close harmony (disc 1)?
www.freebase.com/m/021mtrz	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/chromosome	www.freebase.com/m/099p5k	which chromosome is of hyaluronan-mediated motility receptor (rhamm)
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027pcq2	Who was born in the United States?
www.freebase.com/m/0j1gkyt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is donald lawrence?
www.freebase.com/m/04kbt82	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	where is adalbert franz seligmann born 
www.freebase.com/m/05nscb3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02hk_py	Who is the developer behind litil divil
www.freebase.com/m/01kwqd	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0fv_t	where is columbia record circulated?
www.freebase.com/m/026rbby	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/088vb	what is moses sichone's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/05472j	What's an adventure game made by konami
www.freebase.com/m/026dxl6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/078l6b	where was george gardner born?
www.freebase.com/m/0r8lc5g	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which area does the radio station rfm serve
www.freebase.com/m/02q3zpc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was homeland insecurity released
www.freebase.com/m/0j0q6	www.freebase.com/base/onephylogeny/type_of_thing/included_in	www.freebase.com/m/030swj	which device is included in pocket pc
www.freebase.com/m/03zpg0	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	What legal structure does gray television have?
www.freebase.com/m/02zf_y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is mike danton from 
www.freebase.com/m/0spt684	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is donald fox's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/043p75r	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03nfmq	what industry is harley ellis devereaux in
www.freebase.com/m/026mt5p	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was the angel wore red in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h00k1	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/04mby	Who was a parent of frank joslyn baum
www.freebase.com/m/0f1t6yr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0sm77x8	what song is indiana a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlnz5	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is clarithromycin 250 film coated tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/01wwvpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what type of music does general levy make?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmnx	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/025tpyw	What has been named after wilhelm r√∂ntgen
www.freebase.com/m/02vrr6j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country did the film ripped off take place in
www.freebase.com/m/02g1fl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017371	what type of music does dave alvin play
www.freebase.com/m/0nn_kw_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02x8l1b	which artist recorded eclipse?
www.freebase.com/m/03y16kt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is 20879 chengyuhsuan
www.freebase.com/m/044l9q	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04x56	Who was david a. hargrave influemced by
www.freebase.com/m/0t5kcf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/085wgk	Who is a producer that recorded as time goes by
www.freebase.com/m/049_7k2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	what state is star city in
www.freebase.com/m/065qf6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k80c	What genre is theocracy in?
www.freebase.com/m/01zqfr	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtlj4	what drug is available in suspension form
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0g8_dh	Who played the guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/0cy6fz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01j28z	new york doll is considered what type of motion picture?
www.freebase.com/m/0_7z2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cz99v	what high school is located in easton, pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/05pz51	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03yw861	What type of attraction is rizal park
www.freebase.com/m/0249kn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kl4cy	What is the name of the album by the artist nitty gritty dirt band?
www.freebase.com/m/05zmjqd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what is akihiko ishizumi's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0bp7w	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0843_d	Name an artist who was known for printmaking
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02q380n	what is a public university in india?
www.freebase.com/m/083rl	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/09pgcs4	What is a film william randolph hearst executive producer?
www.freebase.com/m/0154cf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_dx_67	Name a track recorded by otto klemperer
www.freebase.com/m/0dm3ljc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is william e. jones
www.freebase.com/m/0grjtb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is he-man & she-ra: a christmas special from
www.freebase.com/m/01gx_4g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	What is the musical medium of easy rider?
www.freebase.com/m/02hknm	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/02hknm	whats the name of a campus from the educational institution tited university of new haven
www.freebase.com/m/0ftf0cg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mv576n	What is new orleans a recording of
www.freebase.com/m/0y889f_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is zsuzsanna r√°cz's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0pk_4qd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of art does john hall do?
www.freebase.com/m/01hbx00	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01dq9q	Who is the artist of the ultimate collection album?
www.freebase.com/m/0zqq	www.freebase.com/base/switzerland/ch_canton/capital	www.freebase.com/m/0zq6	what is the capital of aargau
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0_fpk	what city is in pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/0fppdln	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is discussed in my son, the hero
www.freebase.com/m/01j12ww	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what type of rock music does lagwagon make
www.freebase.com/m/05v7q2	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02fp48	What was involved in battle of cove mountain
www.freebase.com/m/05ny8c	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is the film underworld filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/01kdndp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of johnny b.: thirteen hooting hits
www.freebase.com/m/0g4fgvc	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0550c6	the film rex vs singh was produced by who
www.freebase.com/m/05b27ml	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was involved in operation texas star?
www.freebase.com/m/02rm3zc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r4z7	where did clarence emir allen die
www.freebase.com/m/04bp8t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqswrn	What is the active ingredient of formulation for polydimethylsiloxane
www.freebase.com/m/0z46mfz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what genre is the film hemorrhage 
www.freebase.com/m/0qchcbq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ts41xj	What track is fall a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/0n9xm_3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/regions	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what regions was seaquest for atari 2600 released in
www.freebase.com/m/089py6	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02vvzf2	who was one of the founders of the institute of transpersonal psychology
www.freebase.com/m/02x6y27	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01f9wm	Who published wonderland?
www.freebase.com/m/070wp6	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/074vn9	what is a major landmark in downtown cleveland
www.freebase.com/m/02sdx	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/06nk28	who did enrico fermi advise
www.freebase.com/m/01rh_xb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/052ppn	love is the message is an album by what singer?
www.freebase.com/m/0pl7ml	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01krky0	which musician recorded duel
www.freebase.com/m/026b9gc	www.freebase.com/wine/appellation/wines	www.freebase.com/m/03gn2vh	What is the name of a wine that comes from napa valley ava
www.freebase.com/m/02x40y5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what type of game is virtual hiry≈´ no ken?
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0d73_d	name a natural landmark located in pennsylvania.
www.freebase.com/m/0cyn3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0y345	What's a city wtihin nassau county
www.freebase.com/m/03ckkt_	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/0b18sl	Name an airport in which sunair operates.
www.freebase.com/m/01gqj5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is sarah kane known for
www.freebase.com/m/02x2l5w	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01j4jl	webb middle school is what kind of educational institution?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6zttd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the film kansas raiders?
www.freebase.com/m/01mdz4g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05ds7y	What artist produced the album Western Underground?
www.freebase.com/m/02_wm72	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was prince of the blood written in
www.freebase.com/m/01mv3cg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what type of music does jack dangers play
www.freebase.com/m/02q77tf	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	What area did tropical storm hermine affect?
www.freebase.com/m/0wdpcrv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position did park sung-jin play
www.freebase.com/m/0bmm4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qz_n5	Who was born in ljubljana?
www.freebase.com/m/01hl95h	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lg2t	what artist is featured on the best of ub40, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/0bv6n7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is asterix & obelix xxl 2: mission: las vegum
www.freebase.com/m/06ntcl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	Where is la victoria district, lima?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch3xw4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is eric louzil from
www.freebase.com/m/027lcl9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is  michael nolands profession
www.freebase.com/m/06f6m7	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What country is hollingworth lake located in
www.freebase.com/m/0dtsgyt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0167_s	which english band that has a the best of album
www.freebase.com/m/0410r	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0jr57	Who was a big influence in the work of joshua reynolds?
www.freebase.com/m/0klg5rs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of monika gabriel?
www.freebase.com/m/0dd92r0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what country is the adventures of buratino filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/01dnlr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08pw15	Name someone who was born in oulu
www.freebase.com/m/05z96	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g4xrzw	Name a poet.
www.freebase.com/m/0kt513	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where was the birthplace of alexander gaden
www.freebase.com/m/02qjb7z	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026kbcr	which baseball player is from halifax?
www.freebase.com/m/05717m	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/color	www.freebase.com/m/04kp0s8	what color is a otterhound
www.freebase.com/m/0f0jj0j	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01b12v6	what is a song on the release called ghetto
www.freebase.com/m/0w3d4hj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ln6vk	what artist created the album the world of johnny horton
www.freebase.com/m/02w4d6q	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	Where was who can kill a child? filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0247sfz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lrc_x0	What track was featured on the recording swimming
www.freebase.com/m/0g9z61	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is croviana located
www.freebase.com/m/01sw1mh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07d2d	what type of music does red–Øum make?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6gfgq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03ffgm7	what type of release is roald dahl
www.freebase.com/m/0nb3f5c	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/070_v	where was erich taeger born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvv_b7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0sl1b8t	what is a track form cocoon 
www.freebase.com/m/059wk	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0d1nf7	What is a Nintendo DS game published by Nintendo?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0rzcz	what is a eastern city in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0dhq1c	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0fqby	what major city does n4 road pass through 
www.freebase.com/m/01xpw1	www.freebase.com/base/pethealth/diagnosis/used_to_diagnose	www.freebase.com/m/05gj5_g	What diseases can be treated by echocardiography
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y4b3b	Name a main-belt asteroid discovered in 1931 by Neujmin, G. at Simeis.
www.freebase.com/m/01r28yq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music does the album imagination belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03d_m	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/05m4rl_	What is the name of a book edition published that was authored by george eliot?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gjbh1k	Who was a retired football defender player?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4gh5c	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of the fictional character queer duck 
www.freebase.com/m/03chv3	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01d5wf	who was influenced by emilio salgari
www.freebase.com/m/064tjm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02909c	what ethnicity is ojo the lucky
www.freebase.com/m/01mkq	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w70nv	what book contains computer science
www.freebase.com/m/01kd57	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0lk40b	what track was produced by  daniel lanois
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrhwb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	what type of drug is black birch categorized as
www.freebase.com/m/0j2v	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v2prg	what is book was published by?
www.freebase.com/m/06wfqlk	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/05gh96	which movie was jim jones in 
www.freebase.com/m/0crtnbf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	What genre is see jane run?
www.freebase.com/m/0dh53	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8vlb	Name a book in the literary criticism subject
www.freebase.com/m/027p803	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what illness caused isaac witkin's death
www.freebase.com/m/0bwj_d1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cf93	who did the smeezingtons sign with
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/03mfvs	what neighborhood is in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t1pvc	what book title is a  fiction literary genre
www.freebase.com/m/090clmj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is adam azmy's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j8c_l	what is the soundtrack of a british romantic comedy
www.freebase.com/m/02qcvzg	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/045m1_	Where did jesus mar√≠a get it's name from
www.freebase.com/m/04t_2nx	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	what type of binding does oblomov come in
www.freebase.com/m/01s80c0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ft8t5b	what is a track by steel hook prostheses
www.freebase.com/m/0_6hw72	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01nn3m	who composed sad, sad world
www.freebase.com/m/02r0j6w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	whats adriano spadoto position
www.freebase.com/m/04f_262	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is the ethnicity of oliver konteh
www.freebase.com/m/0227cl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	what is the topic of main street
www.freebase.com/m/0486zrm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p30z	Which county is leitner located in
www.freebase.com/m/04w3w1b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0k7r2	what was the exiled written about
www.freebase.com/m/04vhsmr	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	how was helena (twentieth century classics) bound?
www.freebase.com/m/08n53f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0z4_0	what was jack bickham's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0zvrsf4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0zvj88s	which complication was brown sugar on
www.freebase.com/m/04wvt8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	where did jesse colburn get his start
www.freebase.com/m/01md3hs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0smy4ss	which track was created by joel mcneely
www.freebase.com/m/0js9s	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h_db8s	what's a lesser known film that peter jackson produced
www.freebase.com/m/02h666c	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/021brn	Name an opera singer.
www.freebase.com/m/0fwydgy	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was yes is the answer released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0myq2k9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0w0s1	Where did heintje davids die
www.freebase.com/m/0gkftvn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2s6	what is the place of birth of cole cockburn
www.freebase.com/m/0cs03f2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	What netflix genre is invitation to hell located in
www.freebase.com/m/01vvpjj	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0qt1km7	who are enya's parents
www.freebase.com/m/02xry	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gvlyg	what is a city in florida
www.freebase.com/m/04k5ng	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/04682_	what place did  pilkington found
www.freebase.com/m/065zcbm	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/focus_cities	www.freebase.com/m/017_zn	which cities does the airline jet canada services?
www.freebase.com/m/02x6gkm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country released like two crocodiles
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gjlb8	what album is listed under the pop music genre
www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bf0x7	who is a known person that has died from  suicide
www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03h1_0	Name a defenceman (ice hockey) hockey player
www.freebase.com/m/0crvy0x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0d63kt	what film genre is boy crush?
www.freebase.com/m/024sld	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05kpwk1	WHat is tom lantos a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/0dlhg	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/034rd	What was washington county named after
www.freebase.com/m/0h1yf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtdmy	what is the active ingredient in arginine
www.freebase.com/m/09zwdx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is piranha ii: the spawning 
www.freebase.com/m/0fzn_9g	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/018_cgd	what is a track of the 4 way street album
www.freebase.com/m/04n2n20	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/02ynx9	to which family does afonso of braganza, 1st marquis of valen√ßa belong
www.freebase.com/m/06kmr_	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0g__13	who was the parent of  amelia rosselli
www.freebase.com/m/01k1bs8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What music does natashas waltz typically play
www.freebase.com/m/0j7mt4z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of show is hum ne li hai- shapath?
www.freebase.com/m/04rl_y	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0c1v5lt	What did pawe≈Ç huelle write?
www.freebase.com/m/0719ws	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0c9n19	what is a city located along missouri route 32
www.freebase.com/m/01q3tmp	www.freebase.com/music/featured_artist/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01rvm86	What's an album by elva hsiao
www.freebase.com/m/0zrq_9j	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language does  cenk aydin speak
www.freebase.com/m/0plkzdf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is arja pessa's gender
www.freebase.com/m/02vt7ql	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04z5f3	which programs are part of the cook-off genre?
www.freebase.com/m/07k8rt4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the green hornet in?
www.freebase.com/m/01p9wv7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	which type of music is moose
www.freebase.com/m/0cwgwh	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/technique	www.freebase.com/m/032_j3	What technique does chamu chibhabha use
www.freebase.com/m/01n7zf	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bxg3	what kind of book is hansel and gretel
www.freebase.com/m/04mpy	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/cities	www.freebase.com/m/02r2cvp	What city houses lake balaton
www.freebase.com/m/03gsqp1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is cydney bernard from?
www.freebase.com/m/04xvkpy	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	what is the binding style of the delia collection
www.freebase.com/m/014yztw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fzj533	In which album is eve of destruction featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0wjfsvr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is the sweat n soul: anthology (1965-1971)?
www.freebase.com/m/04j7cyf	www.freebase.com/computer/software/languages_used	www.freebase.com/m/0jgqg	in which language does google chrome run
www.freebase.com/m/092vkg	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/07ww05m	who was in charge of costume design for capote?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhs6s0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	Goo Tae Hoon is the spouse of actress Kim Young-ae and a what?
www.freebase.com/m/0286y0r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	what country is ≈ûi≈üli plaza found in
www.freebase.com/m/02681bh	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	what type of unit is the 37th wisconsin volunteer infantry regiment
www.freebase.com/m/027v67l	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	What is the architectural style of lee-fendall house?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0yswt78	what is a type of documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/01t7sp	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01rjvv	where does the white river start?
www.freebase.com/m/040vzx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqknpz	what drug was manufactured by cardinal health
www.freebase.com/m/0g4v1k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/01kx_7	what series is the episode the alien costume, part one from?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0vk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/036jl9	who is an associated artist in the contemporary art movement
www.freebase.com/m/0fngrg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is dana stone
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr_ql	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what kind of product is ketotifen fumarate?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9vsk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/084r0	Which subject does the patton papers 1885-1940 address
www.freebase.com/m/0fn9cb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	who is the developer of the computer videogame binary land
www.freebase.com/m/0n46xn2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What language is the film touch of the light recorded in?
www.freebase.com/m/0yk10f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0nhb1j3	which artist recorded thailand 
www.freebase.com/m/026prmv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	Where in Brazil was alexandre luiz fernandes born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr7gl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/012fbv	what is the active ingredient of atropine sulfate?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0v1t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is john mahaffey from
www.freebase.com/m/0fwydq2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ms28j5	what track list is if i had a shovel on 
www.freebase.com/m/0lg6tj2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/036w859	what release is the track  free from
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is pennsylvania situated
www.freebase.com/m/06f_ns	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of educational institution is the american hebrew academy? 
www.freebase.com/m/04gkg0l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06t8v	what country was love and other crimes filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0wly9kw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was marathon released in
www.freebase.com/m/0dkc7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where country is neil brand from?
www.freebase.com/m/0274xvh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0853g	Where was jessica napier born?
www.freebase.com/m/0d55tq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/021t1l	what type of show is tremors
www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0491z2w	what unincorporated community is in indiana
www.freebase.com/m/0kc6	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0lgmkm	What song was produced by andy warhol?
www.freebase.com/m/012lv3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dth5_7	What's a song from dave gahan
www.freebase.com/m/0_sjfq8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of clive limpkin
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmb3m	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what color is dicyclomine hydrochloride 20 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02hxsws	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	What family of languages does nyore language belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0gh6fbj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0gh_s_x	What are the episodes of the show jean-claude van damme: behind closed doors
www.freebase.com/m/0r8wx_x	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/018hgr	Who is a parent of megan denver
www.freebase.com/m/04ctrp9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what genre is dheeme dheeme
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02qlkyc	What's a song written by the doors
www.freebase.com/m/0v48dg8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0sl5hgc	what is a release track from free
www.freebase.com/m/05qhyzx	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04yqb4g	What is a book that was published by dutton adult
www.freebase.com/m/025s6bf	www.freebase.com/user/psych0fred/default_domain/discovered_by/person	www.freebase.com/m/0g68n	who discovered oxygen
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0521t4y	what movie is action film
www.freebase.com/m/0w2xs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nhks	where is enterprise township located 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6bbrm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is songs for sunday
www.freebase.com/m/042zzn1	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/0j__z	what book is dmitri raven ravinoff from?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8m9tj	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0gkw2	what is a book edition of a farewell to arms 
www.freebase.com/m/03zvmd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was comanche moon written in
www.freebase.com/m/0_jgw0x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is elias bond from?
www.freebase.com/m/0np6z99	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/037kxct	What was the original release of fearless
www.freebase.com/m/05bdnb	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0py_0	where was the organization cub foods founded?
www.freebase.com/m/0lkvn87	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what is the genre of the film the butler
www.freebase.com/m/0_l6tgd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What kind of music does costa kotselas make
www.freebase.com/m/03m1ls	www.freebase.com/base/breakfast/breakfast_cereal_brand/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/015z3f	What company manufactures cheerios?
www.freebase.com/m/0472h6v	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/type_of_place_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/0cx45	What type of place of worship is wat rakhangkhositaram?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmmlz	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/042m9w	who published the game it came from the desert
www.freebase.com/m/0268k03	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language does richard bleiler speak?
www.freebase.com/m/039q5kb	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What is the format of the release the return of rock?
www.freebase.com/m/04cy8_l	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/083y57	what films have paul webster produced in his career?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtt5r1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the country of origin of the tv show, the tenant of wildfell hall?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtgd6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the shushybye dream band live on tour filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0nr5kd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/08w4pm	which musician recorded cadillac
www.freebase.com/m/027ct7c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06l3bl	What is the netflix genre of fiddler on the roof?
www.freebase.com/m/027vmt	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0b6s566	What is the name of a film produced by carl laemmle
www.freebase.com/m/07y4x89	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/prevention_factors	www.freebase.com/m/019gn6	What is a prevention factor of atypical mycobacterium infections?
www.freebase.com/m/0fk_816	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q0kgw	what is a song from the album the rock 'n' roll era: teen idols ii
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsljg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	is ceftriaxone 1 powder an over the counter or prescription drug
www.freebase.com/m/0gdw998	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0frd28f	what is the canonical version of the recording blues?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_qkby	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was simply the best released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcvpx4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does jack williams claim nationality from? 
www.freebase.com/m/061j0l	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/016h9b	Who composed the composition islands in the stream?
www.freebase.com/m/04rwx	www.freebase.com/architecture/architecture_firm/projects	www.freebase.com/m/0cb6pf	what is a project developed by massachusetts institute of technology
www.freebase.com/m/03mgd85	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsqyq	What is the active moiety of formulation of the drug ingredient pyrantel
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03wd_k6	What is the name of an artist that drew paintings?
www.freebase.com/m/01vdjr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	john binder identifies with what gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0h68br6	who plays defender?
www.freebase.com/m/0zwgk	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03g_cvb	Name a film that jim davis produced.
www.freebase.com/m/0379nvl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lhv0zb	What is a track from the release club rotation, volume 18
www.freebase.com/m/03mdzk7	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/03qjtgj	what was a game published by brash entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/03ktr0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kk65l	what album is by the artist tanya tucker?
www.freebase.com/m/02rjplf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	Where did werner mummert die
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03wf9r5	what's the name of the the damned's live album
www.freebase.com/m/01hj6fd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music is personal file?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxdg8c	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of dimethicone 756 cloth?
www.freebase.com/m/027_cpq	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0_sz2ps	What film did jennifer baumgardner direct?
www.freebase.com/m/080dh92	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/018h2	what is the genre of the school of flesh?
www.freebase.com/m/03h0w00	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is kay lahusen from
www.freebase.com/m/01dcqj	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03chpc4	who died from colorectal cancer
www.freebase.com/m/04mnp_5	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/02qh9tj	What's a film that eric reid was the executive producer on
www.freebase.com/m/059g4	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w6g7s	what is the name of the book that is about north america
www.freebase.com/m/0y63r7v	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/016fgv	which producing company is henry iv in?
www.freebase.com/m/07y5bd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is adolph j. sabath
www.freebase.com/m/04fy2zw	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	What species is the fiction character robert philip
www.freebase.com/m/06km6k	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0152wh	what is john juanda's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0ghwrs	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	What industry is locomotive games a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/06_kh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0kt7wd	which american film producer is from  santa monica, california
www.freebase.com/m/0n9b1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/050vq_	where is the royal borough of greenwich located 
www.freebase.com/m/09075b	www.freebase.com/book/author/series_written_or_contributed_to	www.freebase.com/m/04jn2xp	which series did patrick carman help write?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv7bd	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of aspergillus terreus 50 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/0zkr99	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0m2l9	Who was the artist that created the song old man
www.freebase.com/m/0w_qj18	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is ward knob in 
www.freebase.com/m/0kv0b46	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0kxfbsc	what is an episode of the hi-5 - season 11 series
www.freebase.com/m/027vn_4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	which universe does stallior live in
www.freebase.com/m/0g16_5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	what type of movie is slayers return?
www.freebase.com/m/0gwzsrp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what kind of music does austra make?
www.freebase.com/m/02q3mmw	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/06yxd	Where does the 6th regiment south carolina cavalry come from
www.freebase.com/m/04gv3v2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/01jdsj	who is the program creator of getter robo go
www.freebase.com/m/05htsw	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	What comic book universe does starhawk appear in
www.freebase.com/m/075mz_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does rob walker do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/0dvyc5	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bnn1z7	Who did production design for good luck chuck
www.freebase.com/m/01445t	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0261rs	Name an athlete
www.freebase.com/m/0gwz5y2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What kind of rock is featured on itunes live: london festival 09
www.freebase.com/m/01jp9kq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gg7s	which artist recorded blue grass 1959-1969?
www.freebase.com/m/05gddq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what film genre is zanjeer?
www.freebase.com/m/0kytwdq	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03dgyc	Who developed darwinia+?
www.freebase.com/m/0sm8c50	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0sqvdbd	what is the release track on chemist
www.freebase.com/m/03m4qxx	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bbr5l8	who produced illuminata
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bwkp49	what artist performs rhythm and blues music?
www.freebase.com/m/0kt3whv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0tbkqm	which record is part of japan
www.freebase.com/m/0gj53c	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is busto garolfo in
www.freebase.com/m/0gltv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gwqkwh	What type of movie is the patriot
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02r_cqg	whats the name of a rhythm and blues album
www.freebase.com/m/05l5vx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	What label is kennyandchante on?
www.freebase.com/m/04wggjy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05ws7	what is the subject of the book cracking open a coffin?
www.freebase.com/m/05h6xn_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/053wkp	where is lake formosa located
www.freebase.com/m/04mny2g	www.freebase.com/type/type/instance	www.freebase.com/m/077syf	what is a topic
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs06hf	whats the title of a movie that is a history film about world war two
www.freebase.com/m/0f51kns	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0ft5hnb	what is the original version of the song believe called
www.freebase.com/m/04l1qkm	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/01p3d7	What is a dog breed with a coat color of gray & white?
www.freebase.com/m/01rshs	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03qb0bn	what artwork did pontormo create
www.freebase.com/m/02p0sh1	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06w4f16	Which quartet is known for traditional music?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqj431	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/01fklc	what is the color of complete 800/10/165 chewable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0cvw9	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/05233dh	what print media is found in kolkata
www.freebase.com/m/04t1h5h	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What sort of book is bury me deep
www.freebase.com/m/02qfh	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/05gjj30	what is eastenders adapted from
www.freebase.com/m/0c3z7np	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/071x0k	what is vincent s. perez's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcs9	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zjzxvz	what was composed by bruce springsteen
www.freebase.com/m/06xjzs1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/04mx__	who wrote the episode good vibrations?
www.freebase.com/m/04wwnb	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/03r0g9	which film was shot in a≈°
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/063vrq	Which economics-oriented public university is located in central Europe?
www.freebase.com/m/03sq9g	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01mf4_	where in new york did richard kiley died in?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2szm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the subject of the escape of oney judge
www.freebase.com/m/0crtfbj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	What genre is the netflix title basic math: lesson 28: problem-solving techniques
www.freebase.com/m/0bhf3y	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	which american football position does keiwan ratliff play
www.freebase.com/m/01hfy69	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was looking back on released
www.freebase.com/m/06fwq	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0h4x5jg	what is the name of a character that is in the play rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead
www.freebase.com/m/0l5ppnt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what style of film format is a.d. police file 2: the ripper?
www.freebase.com/m/05wnv23	www.freebase.com/base/saints/saint/venerated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does saint john chrysostom pracitce?
www.freebase.com/m/06v9th	www.freebase.com/military/military_combatant/includes_allies	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	what are some names of countries who were allies of world war i?
www.freebase.com/m/0whr5qx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where was thomas de gasperi born?
www.freebase.com/m/03ghtcv	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where did the 2005 lake sonoma dry creek valley zinfandel wine originate
www.freebase.com/m/03nspm4	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	what type of station is wbuv
www.freebase.com/m/0fbm5	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01k31p	who was involved in the long march
www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01tnvm	what is in massachusetts?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/049gvrh	who is a hard rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/05p61p	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0kbh0	who is a character from women of trachis
www.freebase.com/m/064p25m	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of comic is barabanba?
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0xnmv61	Which album was released as a single (music)?
www.freebase.com/m/055vr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01_lfy	where in india is maharashtra located?
www.freebase.com/m/01hl3h5	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What platform was bad released on?
www.freebase.com/m/01wz_ml	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0y8czz	what tracks are by chuck berry
www.freebase.com/m/0y5tclm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0x3b7	who record dry lightning
www.freebase.com/m/071310	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country released now heres johnny cash
www.freebase.com/m/0c37h4m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07jwr	how did dawid sierakowiak die 
www.freebase.com/m/0br5q	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/09949m	what travel destination is located near hagia sophia
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crth47	What's a movie available under the bollywood category on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04bv05	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0194x	which movement was gaspard dughet involved
www.freebase.com/m/0p_g6b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fh4p7b	What release is dangerous on?
www.freebase.com/m/0lp219h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01b783p	what album was bahamas on
www.freebase.com/m/03kllh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	Where is vladimir vasyutin originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0857v	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0kymwwy	What was a game developed by westwood studios?
www.freebase.com/m/0275tcp	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/06d_3	what type of industry is nippon-sharyo in?
www.freebase.com/m/0kcjzyg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06hdk	what is  otto stermans place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0dhpzm	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What kind of academy is kunming international academy
www.freebase.com/m/0bgnv6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	what was the cause of death of reuven frank
www.freebase.com/m/0bg_c_	www.freebase.com/sports/multi_event_tournament/participating_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	which country contains 1991 pan american games
www.freebase.com/m/01cw7dd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03zyp_6	what album is touch it from
www.freebase.com/m/0kfw1nz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre is the TV program blondi tuli taloon
www.freebase.com/m/0lg7n5_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mrb61	The release track opium is from what body of work
www.freebase.com/m/0463b93	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	is spaceship medic a science fiction or mystery book
www.freebase.com/m/05dmm	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/02dl34	how is narcolepsy treated
www.freebase.com/m/0ftxrys	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqs41p	which album contains girls night out
www.freebase.com/m/02yy8	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/04typf3	what were franklin d. roosevelt and his family known as during his presidency
www.freebase.com/m/0bp6bl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What kind of movie is the man from snowy river ii classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0crsm73	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what netflix genre is the english masters: turner categorized under?
www.freebase.com/m/02sjf5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0m32h	What caused the death of jerry orbach?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqfbm0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wn718	who is the artist of the recording crs?
www.freebase.com/m/0wk2jq9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of carolyn a. brent?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0fz88g	which comic book character is a politician
www.freebase.com/m/0t_77z4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where is rodney burke from?
www.freebase.com/m/03gjg6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0br_b6	who was the writer for the song brother, can you spare a dime?
www.freebase.com/m/03l2n	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/02qsvj	what is a newspaper circulating in houston
www.freebase.com/m/05p7dd3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04czhj	who published split second: velocity
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y7_7f	What is the name of an asteroid belt
www.freebase.com/m/0fpdm7_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	whats the genre for the film sketch film #1
www.freebase.com/m/01lzx__	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01t04r	which record is created by orange goblin
www.freebase.com/m/098sms	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the patriot filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0fv3x99	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mv7hhk	what song is from the recording mathematics?
www.freebase.com/m/055v52	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where is the bank of england building, liverpool?
www.freebase.com/m/04pzy	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/story_specific_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/04cq2b8	what is a story where lois lane appears
www.freebase.com/m/0g9mk8z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which nation is jason connell a citizen of?
www.freebase.com/m/07247m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01xbld	what area is blackwireuk from?
www.freebase.com/m/021y0c	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0cc5fgm	Who is a famous american impressionism artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crs57r	Name a family film.
www.freebase.com/m/0bpr4y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which male is patrick wintour
www.freebase.com/m/01gfjk	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06mwqq	Name a place in nuevo leon.
www.freebase.com/m/0l1537g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/034vfgg	The release track o holy night is from what release
www.freebase.com/m/0119_x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mkh_	which county is cascade in 
www.freebase.com/m/02wnx8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fly	where is scone, new south wales located 
www.freebase.com/m/0q9j3ll	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	is drive me crazy a studio or live album
www.freebase.com/m/0gsn9d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	which genre of film is the album the dusk sessions in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g41jbr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is trine christensen's nationality from the united states or mexico
www.freebase.com/m/027lq03	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03shp	what country is henri charr from
www.freebase.com/m/03nsj7q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01ppq	where is panayiotis panayiotou from 
www.freebase.com/m/0f6w7g2	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02786wr	who are ras baraka's parents?
www.freebase.com/m/017mrb	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0ftwjyt	which track did sugar minott produce
www.freebase.com/m/05m505	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01tm14	Who was imagawa ujizane's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/02y_5cp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01bpnd	who was the composer for the songmucky fingers?
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mg1cm	Name a silent film.
www.freebase.com/m/0nf3mj2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is the gameplay mode of the elder scrolls v: skyrim ‚Äì hearthfire?
www.freebase.com/m/0dpdzr7	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_jlwng	what is written by sarah blackwood
www.freebase.com/m/04jhflt	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is i loved him?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_7z_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which nation is deacon brodie from?
www.freebase.com/m/0nb7l82	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what's a good descriptor of the shark net
www.freebase.com/m/04cszgy	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/016tw3	Which company produced i'll be yours
www.freebase.com/m/05h4lrt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04n2vgk	who is the artist of man on the moon: the end of day
www.freebase.com/m/02mbk5	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/designed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04bm2y	who designed antonov an-22
www.freebase.com/m/049n74	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What religion does arlene phillips follow
www.freebase.com/m/01j2tmn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the music album forever young 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp6n1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/0j62f	what is the shape of pravachol 40 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0zgd32v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is broderick fobbs from
www.freebase.com/m/01_xynm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	Where is afton located?
www.freebase.com/m/01pv24s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	under what label does adriana evans work
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kwmh5_	Name an actor. 
www.freebase.com/m/0w2_850	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0b5qmn	who published the lincoln lawyer
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt_9m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what kind of formulation is estring
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rylkm	what is a country album?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdm1vk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is yoshiyuki ohmori's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0_vnf_l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is gunther kruger
www.freebase.com/m/0bmk9qj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the drama kathleen mavourneen filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22rf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/01x_hw	What's a movie categorized under sports stories on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_627w6	what is a song by Chage & Aska?
www.freebase.com/m/02wxkny	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/03y78pj	what asteroid belt did kuma kogen observatory discover
www.freebase.com/m/0bmfn0c	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02fr2d	Who was involved in the battle of mount song
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09gb01s	what was the name of g-dragon's solo pop music album
www.freebase.com/m/021m46j	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/chromosome	www.freebase.com/m/099hmk	what is the chromosome of the gene amyloid p component, serum?
www.freebase.com/m/01rp89c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	what genre is the fully down
www.freebase.com/m/0d__zc1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vpcn5	which musician recorded the song pinafore: i'm called little buttercup
www.freebase.com/m/0g7hw9x	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jqf61	Who is the artist on the album fascinatin' rampal?
www.freebase.com/m/01dst0g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03wcnln	Who recorded tibet?
www.freebase.com/m/0pd4tjr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in man on the brink
www.freebase.com/m/086k8	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/096v5f	what is a film produced by warner bros.?
www.freebase.com/m/03h_9lg	www.freebase.com/base/academyawards/host_of_oscar_show/oscar_show_hosted	www.freebase.com/m/04110lv	which award show did realhughjackman host 
www.freebase.com/m/0gd2qh6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	where in the solar system is (8228) 1996 yb2
www.freebase.com/m/04qt21s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0sh54	where was basketball player kim hughes born?
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/0k0k9l6	what asteroid was discovered in 1998?
www.freebase.com/m/02rh11z	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	what is the genre for the album lspaerow cd
www.freebase.com/m/01nnlbj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03c32p8	what is an album by mercy
www.freebase.com/m/01knf54	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of music is the definitive collection
www.freebase.com/m/03sltv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/048fz	Which country was hugh mckee in when they died?
www.freebase.com/m/098lsq2	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05zlld0	What film did fran√ßois audouy direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0flr2	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/09dt7	Who was an influence for steven brust
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0_t8vdp	which album is a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/04v85fg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0jt90f5	who is the author of the stand
www.freebase.com/m/02z59r7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what genre is the film scream bloody murder
www.freebase.com/m/0gkgkq	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	What time zone is novi di modena in
www.freebase.com/m/0gb8dn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is caprauna apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/02_8r7w	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08ry2	who published high heat major league baseball 2004
www.freebase.com/m/0m40d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/08mrqp	What is a album that represents traditional pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/04mydmw	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/077fxd	who wrote the story for the movie money for speed
www.freebase.com/m/08qr9h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is derrell mitchell male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0xjdp61	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_jtdsg	what is a song from don't look down
www.freebase.com/m/0w1v282	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre of film is Mary & Myself?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/076t6v9	whats an example of a known  studio album
www.freebase.com/m/01nyhv9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	What genre of music does johnny guitar watson make?
www.freebase.com/m/035g_2	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/035g_2	which campuses does union college (kentucky) have
www.freebase.com/m/06q9lgk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is angel fleitas's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bkzjk	www.freebase.com/interests/collection_category/sub_categories	www.freebase.com/m/01mzw	What kind of merchandise is included in disneyana
www.freebase.com/m/0fww9wf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fthsfq	what is the release track on garden of love 
www.freebase.com/m/02r0b8t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	where was martin pakula born 
www.freebase.com/m/080lqb4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was baadbaan filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0kyp4fk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/0kyp4hx	what is a game version of las vegas
www.freebase.com/m/0bqf7n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04gb4fx	what type of institution is washington legal foundation
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h32tg	what is a film in the genre of black-and-white
www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02q0j_l	What high school is located in Hugo
www.freebase.com/m/07xm24	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06k5_	What state is dausa within
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03y0lbf	Name an album
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jg9xq	name a famous rock and roll  album in 2003
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0266wsy	What is the name of a location in the mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/04ydlcn	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/07zt6_	Who directed the movie the world is rich
www.freebase.com/m/06s0l	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/02zrg2	What airport is close to saint lucia?
www.freebase.com/m/0gl4kv	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	monteciccardo is located in what time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlj52	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country is the labetalol hcl 200 film coated tablet made
www.freebase.com/m/03c0434	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	which city is stealing o'neal from 
www.freebase.com/m/0mj28p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01hlvhq	what song did oh, yes produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdy1y	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/bats	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	How does greg dobbs bat?
www.freebase.com/m/04p1s7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0nb1s	What is the burial place of ray ellington?
www.freebase.com/m/03czdgk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What kind of art is giovanni francesco cassioni
www.freebase.com/m/0bcs_f	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/098ck96	who is the executive producer of rv (film)
www.freebase.com/m/04n1gj3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was dance! love! pop! released
www.freebase.com/m/0w81h	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is racine in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq0gys	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bmfpc	What genre is the album run into the light?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g9djmy	This 2009 short animation film was directed by Sidharth Meskeri, Hormaz Barai and Balmeet Kohli.
www.freebase.com/m/04fzmyn	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country does the guapor√© river run through?
www.freebase.com/m/0vzv1w1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what is the country of origin of burden
www.freebase.com/m/05fwbr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nzl9_	what is gene london's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0fr5p	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04989ry	Name an estate within harford county, maryland
www.freebase.com/m/0crv6fb	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/08m38y	what music came from the film thoda pyaar thoda magic?
www.freebase.com/m/0ndcxvj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is patricia l√≥pez hern√°ndez known for?
www.freebase.com/m/03_r3	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03hgrp	What is the name of a book that was written about jamaica?
www.freebase.com/m/0drn9c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What is the genre of the film spider forest?
www.freebase.com/m/01bs9t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/seasons	www.freebase.com/m/05dhn34	what is a season of mtv unplugged?
www.freebase.com/m/01pww0	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/similar	www.freebase.com/m/047n4x	What is similar model to the  chevrolet impala?
www.freebase.com/m/03jksy	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/05srgk4	who did the costume design for the film indecent proposal
www.freebase.com/m/0g2_cx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the subject of the book the war on freedom
www.freebase.com/m/06ym3w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xr_wb	What is illinois route 91?
www.freebase.com/m/03cfww2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of music is to sir with love: the best of 1967-68
www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/04wzh2	what is a compatible ingredient with a gluten-free diet
www.freebase.com/m/0kpjhyr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What type of tv program is digimon: digital monsters - season 4
www.freebase.com/m/0cmd0rr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was brendan james released
www.freebase.com/m/055gpy	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0f575s	who founded the british lung foundation
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/027nyjc	What is an example of a history book
www.freebase.com/m/038133	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/036k5h	What is school color of mercy college (new york)?
www.freebase.com/m/07dd1w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0h3tmq7	What is one of the albums marion brown recorded?
www.freebase.com/m/01jbmk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	What country is the subject of the black tulip
www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0405lb	Which state park is located in michigan?
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gdk4j9	who was born in chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pxbrgk	what is a documentary film 
www.freebase.com/m/03f0q3n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of a.d. miles?
www.freebase.com/m/0vxg1h7	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	jacques morel  is known for what visual art
www.freebase.com/m/0bwhklz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	where was milan bo≈æiƒá born
www.freebase.com/m/016cjb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/017xm3	who is the female multiple gold album gospel music singer?
www.freebase.com/m/01c8v0	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zh9w82	what composition has mark knopfler created
www.freebase.com/m/0nmd2c8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fw2p9n	Who recorded the album waterloo
www.freebase.com/m/0jsmfkb	www.freebase.com/internet/blog/focus	www.freebase.com/m/07q541	what is the focus of the blog paradigm dancing?
www.freebase.com/m/0479g1y	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/01nw9c	what area does the radio station kari serve
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0r9j8p9	who is an actress born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0dbb3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jm8yy	WHat's an album from billie holiday
www.freebase.com/m/02_fn6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which nationalisty is troy brown
www.freebase.com/m/04pfkb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is  henry morgenthau, sr. known for being
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0jvh0j3	what person has the job as a film director?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcpk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	where was the death place of glenn gould
www.freebase.com/m/011w4n	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01_lv0	Who was born in nancy?
www.freebase.com/m/09_6v00	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0c1v6b_	What is the book for the edition venice?
www.freebase.com/m/02l840	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0wxvd1m	what song did kanye west compose
www.freebase.com/m/09kptg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is charles frank's gender
www.freebase.com/m/09kz33	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01jr6	where did robert lawson vaught pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0271_kz	what is an album of the genre pop rock?
www.freebase.com/m/03hq8p	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02nsp	who did arnold b√∂cklin influence 
www.freebase.com/m/034qg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01dbgj	Who was killed by the KKK with a firearm?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1ht88	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	What is shankar dayal singh's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/06kqs0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04ypjh	where was bernhard stavenhagen born 
www.freebase.com/m/03jygk	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gxbcvz	what film is written by harmony korine?
www.freebase.com/m/09n943	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqvr27	what is the active moiety in polysorbate 80
www.freebase.com/m/0jxtkw3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0947l	what is the place of birth of sergio spina
www.freebase.com/m/09hj66	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what type of film is george wallace
www.freebase.com/m/03wc0g1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/04hzj	What nationality is melvin kicmett?
www.freebase.com/m/0xnjwdm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre is the film brandonwood
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/09b3p1	who is a german football midfielder 
www.freebase.com/m/038dt51	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0r7nd9	Name a track off the release titled fear not
www.freebase.com/m/01lm5h1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/010wv51	What is the title of a track by infinite mass?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvc7j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	What was the country of origin for the film bedtime fairy tales for crocodiles?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh7rry	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03msf	Where was edith craig born?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/texts	www.freebase.com/m/015j7	What is the main text from catholicism
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0807c5r	What kind of program is adventure film?
www.freebase.com/m/0jt5zcn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08_qj2	What's in oxfordshire
www.freebase.com/m/026mwgn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is two for the show?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnbyz6	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was disco  released in
www.freebase.com/m/05syzsm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	what kind of music is on the koda kumi remix album
www.freebase.com/m/0np8v9g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015df6	who was the artist that put out singleactiongreen
www.freebase.com/m/02wwrkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	What film format does a perfect match have
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/05zkkb_	What is a world war ii film?
www.freebase.com/m/03xg01	www.freebase.com/book/journal/discipline	www.freebase.com/m/05qjt	in which discipline is the annalen der physik featured
www.freebase.com/m/032hq0z	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l05hpb	What is a track off the trip: navigated by joey negro?
www.freebase.com/m/01y5q0	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	What is the main country that uyghur language is spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h_9bdv	what is a film with the crime fiction genre
www.freebase.com/m/01cpd_y	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ldzp77	what is a song on northwind 
www.freebase.com/m/06ryvn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	Who is mohammad yunus khalis?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026mk0_	which short film stars the three stooges?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9hgv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03rlt	what theme is in job hunting on the internet
www.freebase.com/m/01pv86j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	What sort of pop does theservantuk play
www.freebase.com/m/0bfmsz9	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	What species is the fictional character katherine pierce
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv9m1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	What is the dosage form of the homeopathic low back pain formula
www.freebase.com/m/03c7ndl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r4h3	Where did drew macias die
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0261bvc	what is the name of a football defender
www.freebase.com/m/062s9s	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/014s8t	what's a historical event that happened in italia (roman empire)
www.freebase.com/m/0f9vw9l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mj5y0c	which track contains freaky styley
www.freebase.com/m/027h6qh	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	what kind of model car is the holden vt commodore
www.freebase.com/m/04wblx1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	What is one of the subjects of the jewish holiday kitchen
www.freebase.com/m/0p3ktzz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qgc	what genre is the book the creator?
www.freebase.com/m/0w2hz33	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	where is the nimba range located
www.freebase.com/m/0f4ml	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtt9g	What is an active ingredient found in biotin?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd1dq	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/030pr	who produced the film  broadway bill
www.freebase.com/m/05srzdg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was home grown filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04ch8r	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisors	www.freebase.com/m/0ddhxq	who is robert fogel's advisor
www.freebase.com/m/0msbp75	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fx7_x4	which album was always released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0vt25r_	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0dgq_kn	What film had its art directed by linda janson
www.freebase.com/m/0l8k6qz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0r7ngy	what are songs in the cairo album
www.freebase.com/m/04t_hly	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0c4sd5	who published the iron heel
www.freebase.com/m/0305mkg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nztcl	what is a track of the album one way of life: best of
www.freebase.com/m/01zgqq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is tim yeo's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05jrdy	what artist uses painting as visual art form
www.freebase.com/m/0218_f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0sqmb4q	What's an album featuring dag nasty
www.freebase.com/m/026mstn	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of content is in concert?
www.freebase.com/m/0j4b76p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is giulia werner esp√≠ndola male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0mpgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010k8z	what is a city in rutland county
www.freebase.com/m/0qxhc	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0p2lh	which county is fayetteville located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crsmh8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre on netflix is psychopathia sexualis
www.freebase.com/m/01lrnnd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is rewind ÔΩûsingles collection+ÔΩû?
www.freebase.com/m/0cf98g	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02krf9	what is ronnie kasrils's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0m5rc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0wj_9jg	what is an rock opera album made by peter hammill 
www.freebase.com/m/0j4xg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03f24q4	what male was born in madrid?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjlb_	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of visual art is irene di spilimbergo known for
www.freebase.com/m/015h5t	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/04v7n_	What was floyd patterson's weight devision
www.freebase.com/m/051w93n	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/02vp8ln	which game was published by tri synergy
www.freebase.com/m/038_5c	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomer/astronomical_objects_discovered	www.freebase.com/m/0h3mwfv	what did hiroshi kaneda discover in 1991?
www.freebase.com/m/038h_lj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0r17cr	what is a track from no words?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0y3q2	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bn6s9	who directed steve-o: demise and rise
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/07dzps	Who is an artist from the heavy metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/05472j	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	who developed the game castlevania: legacy of darkness?
www.freebase.com/m/079dwb	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does footballer john pickering play?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz5_kh	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04bqt3	who directed buddimantudu
www.freebase.com/m/01hqt25	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01n4bh	what style of music is love foolosophy?
www.freebase.com/m/03fqtl0	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is outtasite on 
www.freebase.com/m/03295l	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0dj2gtg	who is a filipino american 
www.freebase.com/m/01wvdvs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	What is jett pangan's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzps1v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s72n	what kind of music does blokhe4d make
www.freebase.com/m/0rk3bz9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0168b6m	what was the title of sacramento (audiofly remix) canonical version
www.freebase.com/m/0fy982n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	what kind of album is pathways into darkness?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggmdm	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/058xz5	What kind of music does chlq-fm play
www.freebase.com/m/023sgw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gj5ds	what African-American cook was born in the mississippi delta
www.freebase.com/m/05gsc5t	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03yht_	who directed knives of the avenger
www.freebase.com/m/01lrchh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02z5fdf	what album is by silentiumband
www.freebase.com/m/05qcrxq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What kind of book is annihilation factor
www.freebase.com/m/034wvxz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is sheryl crow's album released
www.freebase.com/m/01jww6p	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of content is versus the world?
www.freebase.com/m/031g66v	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ks8467	what are some of the tracks listed in one man band?
www.freebase.com/m/026q6m7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07mgr	What part of italy was giovanni cheli born in?
www.freebase.com/m/04t185m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0n8cg	Who wrote the crow?
www.freebase.com/m/02qy3g0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/011j7r	Who was a person involved in byzantine‚Äìsasanian wars
www.freebase.com/m/0mwbjtj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g0pc5z	What's the release that boyfriend is from
www.freebase.com/m/06tt76	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01432c	what power does the fictional character gypsy have?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhbj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n5yh	which country contains goffstown
www.freebase.com/m/05gk2gv	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/significance_level/listings	www.freebase.com/m/02vy2x2	What's a monument of national significance 
www.freebase.com/m/02mvv_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	What genre of music is off the album smiley smile
www.freebase.com/m/0268rbm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does gary gach belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04bdf5j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where in north america is farrel corner located
www.freebase.com/m/0484q4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hmck2	mythic entertainment published what game
www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01fk5j6	Name a remix album
www.freebase.com/m/04w2_cd	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What is the genre of the book new mexico sunrise
www.freebase.com/m/08zz2w	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/027zx8	where did the battle of ros-mhic-thri√∫in take place
www.freebase.com/m/0dgm_jl	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02q57zj	who directed 9500 liberty
www.freebase.com/m/0179ms	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/024rr5	What is a food dish with akvavit?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h1fnfs	what is an album by Tony Bennett released on 2011
www.freebase.com/m/02w495q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	what genre is resolution
www.freebase.com/m/0275y_w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	where is aktobe airport located?
www.freebase.com/m/03nszjv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the princess and the goblin in
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y1kf7	What's an object from the asteroid category
www.freebase.com/m/0cn0sz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07bcn	In which city was ruth slenczynska born?
www.freebase.com/m/012lhzv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03819pw	which song was part of apricot
www.freebase.com/m/0129n5w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ltzyl7	which tracks were found in the recording remember me?
www.freebase.com/m/05szh8j	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0g0x7_	What ethnicity is muljibhai madhvani?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9ksj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What is the genre of the book "Blood Pact"?
www.freebase.com/m/07cf_lf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23zb	what is the genre of piano
www.freebase.com/m/08r4x3	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k2ckj	who edited the film bobby?
www.freebase.com/m/04xdqv8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what subject is covered in understanding development
www.freebase.com/m/06vh_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/040dv	who is the author of sense and sensibility
www.freebase.com/m/010s27	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	Which time zone is thorp located in
www.freebase.com/m/0463k52	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what is urucuia a second level division of
www.freebase.com/m/019x4f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/0_qxwm2	what is the subject of carpenter
www.freebase.com/m/014_lq	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02r14hc	what are compositions by queens of the stone age
www.freebase.com/m/0fwwj4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What was the nationality of gene banks
www.freebase.com/m/018n5v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/035mm6	who is someone born in mitchelstown
www.freebase.com/m/05s_gny	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	What genre is popi 
www.freebase.com/m/0c241	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the big fisherman
www.freebase.com/m/0ft516	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v8zd0	which book did pan books publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrnvp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is courage a drama or a comedy
www.freebase.com/m/05f7s8w	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0fx4fyt	what track is produced by frankmusik?
www.freebase.com/m/02rvqrw	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what are the school colors of reicher catholic high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzt9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02x2cvb	who is a man that was born in richmond
www.freebase.com/m/0hqth1v	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is humatrope?
www.freebase.com/m/030cb2	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/03znrn	what is the cause of spinal stenosis?
www.freebase.com/m/01zm67	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/04307tm	what is the content of the artist the manhattan transfer
www.freebase.com/m/0b000l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is victor gotbaum from
www.freebase.com/m/059_x3m	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Which country is the film a bloody aria from
www.freebase.com/m/09s02	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j0b7f	what is the title of a telugu language netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/03_rm_1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m5xp2p	What is a song from the album beyond and back: the x anthology?
www.freebase.com/m/027z2sn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	What is the genre of music from the album mutantes e seus cometas no pa√≠s do baurets
www.freebase.com/m/023bn0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	where is rabwah
www.freebase.com/m/0zly7j8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the composition sorrow's child in?
www.freebase.com/m/04y7v6q	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what position does baseball player fred tauby play at?
www.freebase.com/m/01hgpft	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was personal devotion, volume one released 
www.freebase.com/m/02719fl	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0qmq	What ethnicity is yukie chiri
www.freebase.com/m/04v_th2	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04y5fgy	who was the publisher for pearls of lutra
www.freebase.com/m/046trm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/059ch87	name a character created by mike allred.
www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_place_of_origin/military_units	www.freebase.com/m/0g55s40	what are the names of military units from indiana
www.freebase.com/m/091fl3w	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/042xh	who created tamsin appleby
www.freebase.com/m/0gtv2p	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war did william darling participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fllkg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01blwp	who was the lyricist for the composition jeepster
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09v5bms	what's an adventure film made in britain
www.freebase.com/m/0crw3s8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	is the rose parade: a pageant for the ages in english or spanish
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w765z	Which Jennifer Lash book was written partially about france
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02q2kzc	Who would be called heavy metal
www.freebase.com/m/02bwkmz	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what is the license for the university park?
www.freebase.com/m/05b56ht	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/049k4w	what position does george mcnamara play
www.freebase.com/m/03y7j2s	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 6414 mizunuma orbit around?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwfvz3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is east timor?
www.freebase.com/m/089w_2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	is air gear an action film or romance film
www.freebase.com/m/02x9mqh	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/057787	what types of school is archbishop stepinac high school
www.freebase.com/m/051z3sp	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/04y8n1t	who founded saz≈ç idemitsu
www.freebase.com/m/0gc3dfk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats ron thomas's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0ybnwmt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l1rw	Who is the artist from the reunion recording
www.freebase.com/m/01c4vd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03slst	where is uss massachusetts located
www.freebase.com/m/089t56	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	what is the profession of don muhlbach
www.freebase.com/m/02bwc7	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0x0v5mf	which movie is produced by mark burnett
www.freebase.com/m/0dpn7z	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0167q3	where is webe broadcasted?
www.freebase.com/m/0v_qn_3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is logan kelley's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt7fg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/01_yv2	What drug is used in colchicine 0.6 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0fbh8z	Who is a female character?
www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/06mw2q	What's a car that is classified as a station wagon
www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/06bn23	what actor committed suicide 
www.freebase.com/m/09rt0p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is panajot pano
www.freebase.com/m/0z7_vr9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of the film santa
www.freebase.com/m/03fhchz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was the soft parade released
www.freebase.com/m/0fz656l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dr17m0	What is an example of freestyle recording?
www.freebase.com/m/078wlp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is indian institute of astrophysics in
www.freebase.com/m/0ksh_2	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	What football position does chartric darby play?
www.freebase.com/m/04ffyf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rql_	where did joey maxim spend his last days
www.freebase.com/m/0fzbp3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what kind of music is jim bakkum known for
www.freebase.com/m/02rg1ll	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	what is rolando (portuguese footballer)'s nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/07khwx5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	WHat is jared gutstadt a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/0hpf99t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	Who is andr√©a l.?
www.freebase.com/m/07f5gfx	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0d_kd	which county is brookhaven located in?
www.freebase.com/m/039y4g	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which region in europe is real gone released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0405l	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h1jny6	what film did jim jarmusch write
www.freebase.com/m/0mxckcp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g1v3ts	what release has the track bullet on it
www.freebase.com/m/05c1wvk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	what country is bas van den brink from
www.freebase.com/m/05b1fnt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What is the genre of music dead guitars makes?
www.freebase.com/m/0k4l8j	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02vgy2	what film did robert conte write for?
www.freebase.com/m/05xt3t	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02wszf	which position in baseball does chone figgins play in?
www.freebase.com/m/080j3rf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What was the nationality of duane niatum?
www.freebase.com/m/0640j0c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in shark tank
www.freebase.com/m/01m88ks	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does the mayfield four play
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0yql7kf	what is an punjabi action film 
www.freebase.com/m/0cnzsx5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	is joey clement known for hard rock or classical
www.freebase.com/m/0c3wm07	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the film teach me! from
www.freebase.com/m/09zmfl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05t4q	what does patrick s. moore do for his career?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5l4n	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What asteroid group is 8087 kazutaka a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/0jyjs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg2m	What is the lady eve?
www.freebase.com/m/03f7m4h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/026st3w	what label is barry manilow with 
www.freebase.com/m/0jxn57l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/048pyy	What's a formulation of amantadine hcl
www.freebase.com/m/05dj6yd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/next_episode	www.freebase.com/m/05dj6y9	which episode comes after prototype
www.freebase.com/m/021g89m	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country has the zip code 98225
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02yz52	Which program is an action/adventure show?
www.freebase.com/m/0fl15d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the tv show the lost room in
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22cg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0dfyvj	what are indie dramas
www.freebase.com/m/02pvtzk	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02rptj	what island was involved in the mytilenean revolt
www.freebase.com/m/0c4vhb4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	what is the birthplace of ian lithgow
www.freebase.com/m/02psk8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Mexican soccer player juan carlos medina is what gender?
www.freebase.com/m/08ny_h8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is the broadminded movie spoken 
www.freebase.com/m/07xg1	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0bxs6rj	what book details the military of the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0g_tv44	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What profession does terri david shumbris have?
www.freebase.com/m/01v1ntv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	What is hema sardesai's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/03_sk4q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mfcv0	which track contains killing moon: the best of echo and the bunnymen
www.freebase.com/m/0glslg8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07lnk	what type of music is distant earth
www.freebase.com/m/0bqk9s	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/04n0p	what is the writing system for the talysh language
www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_jurisdiction/agencies	www.freebase.com/m/04s4w7	what is the name of an agency located in scotland
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/04sxyjt	who is a jewish person?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j3pc7h	who is the forward for Burundian football?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdlxmf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	which state is nicolas g. cooper originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0g42pn2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	which european language is almost married spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/03nr2f2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4h	how did moti sagar die
www.freebase.com/m/0fb6bgb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was late for the sky released in
www.freebase.com/m/0qgx2bz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01trtc	what label does black hippy belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0hsqf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0k8p245	Who is the first South Korean gymnast that won an gold medal?
www.freebase.com/m/01qknm8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09949m	which turkey city was marcel zanini born in
www.freebase.com/m/0163m1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/011mphg	what is the name of the track by the artist earth, wind & fire
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04jbc7h	What's an example of a war film
www.freebase.com/m/0ycmxh5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0yb1t99	which album was brothers & sisters listed on
www.freebase.com/m/0gfdzn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is charles mount originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/027myx6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f__1	Where did rebecca broussard's mother give birth to her?
www.freebase.com/m/09v11hw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is dos grandes
www.freebase.com/m/0319d1r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ksp4w5	what song is from space night vol. ix
www.freebase.com/m/0k704g8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f6j7r	Where did lisetta nava die
www.freebase.com/m/0x1v3	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	What is the time zone for evergreen?
www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0zt7prl	whats the name of a korean composer
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0413qlj	What's a community based in california?
www.freebase.com/m/04plzw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0430_	Which city did yehuda ashlag die in
www.freebase.com/m/0bzj9t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is nanci bowen's county of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02rcywh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02r2wv6	who is an artist on one morning in may 
www.freebase.com/m/02_sbz	www.freebase.com/medicine/risk_factor/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/0hg45	which disease has hypertriglyceridemia
www.freebase.com/m/01q2hpc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01z7dr	What genre is diablo ii soundtrack?
www.freebase.com/m/0284_kt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/0gc80	whats the art form of  cornelis de wael
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ch37rk	what is the title of an  animation film
www.freebase.com/m/0k3qwzz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country filmed three fragments of a lost tale
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h93ky	which live albums were released by madonna?
www.freebase.com/m/01shcrp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0mgp	where is the artist  brian may from
www.freebase.com/m/04c1fcb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mn2f	which county is mccready in 
www.freebase.com/m/03_0x8c	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m4_rgw	which songs are listed in the release sunshine live, volume 2?
www.freebase.com/m/02yw26	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ggbpqw	What is the title of a extreme metal album?
www.freebase.com/m/02vyqsm	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what is the time zone location of giba, sardinia
www.freebase.com/m/0_83wzt	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_coach/sports_coached	www.freebase.com/m/0jm_	what sport did george atkins coach?
www.freebase.com/m/020vv9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/029rt5	Where is seaton
www.freebase.com/m/0dzqr73	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m4bcdd	which track is part of anywhere but here
www.freebase.com/m/0dw2cp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is payton jordan
www.freebase.com/m/06mtrb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	what was the cause of death of berry oakley
www.freebase.com/m/0f6dglq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0zlt_x	WHat's a canonical version of pure
www.freebase.com/m/011b76k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is 12
www.freebase.com/m/03chzbm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	Who published golden axe: beast rider
www.freebase.com/m/01jq34	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what is the school color of  university of maryland, college park
www.freebase.com/m/0zl46vb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0nhb0x3	who composed japan
www.freebase.com/m/0g1767s	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album rocks the house!
www.freebase.com/m/06n1w0	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/021mp2	what is the automotive class of the model seat m√°laga
www.freebase.com/m/0b6h_pv	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	greylands in a book in this genre.
www.freebase.com/m/06k1lq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	who is the developer of bonanza bros.?
www.freebase.com/m/0206k5	www.freebase.com/broadcast/tv_station_owner/tv_stations	www.freebase.com/m/06zb_z	Name a tv station owned by tribune company.
www.freebase.com/m/08h2ct	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/025txrl	who published the thing
www.freebase.com/m/0glpyy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	where did pedro opaso die?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtj42	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03x8jq	what is an active ingredient of y-age carnosine?
www.freebase.com/m/033hvs	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/predecessor	www.freebase.com/m/03jh6k	which model is the predecessor to chrysler 300
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01kp63n	which artists perform jazz music?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0k6b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0kpys	Where in california was justin gocke born
www.freebase.com/m/026p8zs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	is hymn of the nations in the english language or french
www.freebase.com/m/03y1hpk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What type of asteroid group is 1962 dunant located in
www.freebase.com/m/0ggz10t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02pkp8m	what series includes an episode titled hungary
www.freebase.com/m/017yq0w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/063tn	Who was the artist for marche slave, op. 31
www.freebase.com/m/03yh8k_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what asteroid group is 9508 titurel a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/01m_3f	www.freebase.com/base/fight/crime_type/victims_of_this_crime_type	www.freebase.com/m/0dhl9fk	who was a victim of necrophilia?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtts	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01q0l	what was john vi kantakouzenos's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/03xnmz6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre is the cab?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyw7rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03clyrd	Who published the westward ii: heroes of the frontier game
www.freebase.com/m/04112y1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What film genre is show boat?
www.freebase.com/m/02w74tq	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01g28m	What is the higher classification of mimus?
www.freebase.com/m/0r8j87n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rrwt	where did charles w. broun jr. pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0n5xy3b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	name the language in the film dirty poole: a work in progress 
www.freebase.com/m/0ztdgs9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is john f. williams from
www.freebase.com/m/06_t1j	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0h2k511	who is one of jacinda barrett's children
www.freebase.com/m/03y7k6j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/02yqhq	what Japanese scientist discovered 7797 morita
www.freebase.com/m/04rwx	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01yslh	what type of school is massachusetts institute of technology
www.freebase.com/m/027mfjn	www.freebase.com/food/dish/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/014j1m	what goes into making a pimm's cup
www.freebase.com/m/03d47dn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does mr. lee grant create
www.freebase.com/m/0stsbh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x78n	which music artist released the recording live or die
www.freebase.com/m/0b6m8l1	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	what war is the yazoo pass expedition included in
www.freebase.com/m/0246lqd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was discovering opera 09 - cosi fan tutte highlights released
www.freebase.com/m/01hcvm	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bfmbw	what artist makes skate punk music?
www.freebase.com/m/057yjg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	What genre is the movie hitch (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/0qfsmy_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What country is connor pain from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp38j	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0gvbw	who is the manufacturer of the caduet 2.5/20 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0kx53	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05234t5	Who is a man born in klagenfurt?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxl3p7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	What artist recorded jump (extended album version)?
www.freebase.com/m/014t6l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	What is michael haydn a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/0gggl5c	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018h2	what is the subject of the film  the principles of lust
www.freebase.com/m/05c2q1z	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01pp3p	who is the director of the movie the sun shines bright
www.freebase.com/m/070djb	www.freebase.com/games/game/designer	www.freebase.com/m/01qjs0	who designed hare and tortoise
www.freebase.com/m/01h3y_	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01fyzy	which actor wrote and starred in the hot chick
www.freebase.com/m/0fdx9f5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/017wqk3	What is the original version of suicide
www.freebase.com/m/06zlybp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jp26	What release included the recording fantasy
www.freebase.com/m/04q38yb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was man's fate originally filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/03wfyxd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	which state is watchman lookout station in
www.freebase.com/m/01s67l5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was interpieces organization released 
www.freebase.com/m/0bkf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/concert_tours	www.freebase.com/m/0fdt93	What is a concert tour that bob marley did?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsnvh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is rudolf flesch from?
www.freebase.com/m/0y4hprm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03bxwtd	who composed we remain
www.freebase.com/m/036mcjl	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What region was elegia released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fbnbj2	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0dt1c4j	what is a single off free
www.freebase.com/m/0bb6_b7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01w56_f	who is the lyricist of amphetamine logic
www.freebase.com/m/02hwxzb	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	what language family is luguru language from
www.freebase.com/m/0c05s5d	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	in what language is the movie let there be light spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0dpxzt4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0fm26s	What is a song fromt he recording goin down slow
www.freebase.com/m/0c53g_n	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0c67y94	what edition is from the book brazil
www.freebase.com/m/01f1s4p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lb0b78	what tracks are in the recording poems?
www.freebase.com/m/01nst8_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0142vgj	What is a track done by the artist lo√Øs lane
www.freebase.com/m/02rnq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/034qg	how did engelbert dollfuss die 
www.freebase.com/m/07pjf4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03lrc	in which county is located the itchen stoke and ovington parish 
www.freebase.com/m/01f5b4	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j2pjx8	who were ram dass's parents?
www.freebase.com/m/0h8b7lv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	which job is jason newman known for
www.freebase.com/m/01svw8n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g7lhcf	What song is fergie (singer) featured on
www.freebase.com/m/05m15z	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0643kc7	what's the name of one of elizabeth avellan's children
www.freebase.com/m/03cyvs0	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what is a jamba university colot
www.freebase.com/m/09rxvkh	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/014bl1	Who did the music on the film decalogue iii
www.freebase.com/m/04f56n	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05353r	which movie was written by jerry juhl
www.freebase.com/m/0ss5d2z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	what type of music does lodovica comello sing?
www.freebase.com/m/04jpd8	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	which war did john patrick hamilton attend to
www.freebase.com/m/0498y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04653h	What is the name of a place in kentucky
www.freebase.com/m/02pbgr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01zb_g	What record label is sugar on?
www.freebase.com/m/04wqsm	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	what sport does deportivo toluca play
www.freebase.com/m/0rzl1nr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is helen lee worthing a male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/02r5vxm	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	Which position is marques murrell known for playing
www.freebase.com/m/0dbxy	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02tf3v	Name a person of cherokee descent. 
www.freebase.com/m/0zxqqtj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the composition go right ahead in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jd6m	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0d18m0	who is mother of isabella i of castile
www.freebase.com/m/0yw5lp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03cvd6d	Who was the producer from the recording after the dolphin
www.freebase.com/m/058hmr	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/014nq4	What's a film that featured convict lake
www.freebase.com/m/0b6m738	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01jr6	Where in california did lawrence w. levine die
www.freebase.com/m/0169r6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r0d2	where did sarah vaughan die
www.freebase.com/m/03s0h8	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0dp61q	what film did ross macdonald write 
www.freebase.com/m/03c_q5_	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03x1x	which native american tribe was involved in the battle of long sault?
www.freebase.com/m/09x_r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specializations	www.freebase.com/m/04gf49c	what is the tittle of an entrepreneur who opens and runs restaurants professionally
www.freebase.com/m/04fk355	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/sport	www.freebase.com/m/0w0d	what sport does men's archery, team play
www.freebase.com/m/0lj3_c	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/015g2yv	what is a version of the single viola
www.freebase.com/m/040jt_s	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	what platform is empire: total war on 
www.freebase.com/m/0nk1p	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0mc6d	who is an artist associated with the symbolism art period movement
www.freebase.com/m/0kbvb	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/events	www.freebase.com/m/04fk3d6	whats an event featured at the 2004 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/02vx9z5	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04fkg4	who was the producer for d: underworld badhshah
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0fz7mj	Name a place in Italy
www.freebase.com/m/04t2wvl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was written in big lies
www.freebase.com/m/0crvbcc	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is in the film window on the reef?
www.freebase.com/m/04xjn4	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0fpzwf	what state is kfxn-fm in
www.freebase.com/m/011z0	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt3rh	amoxicillin is found in what medicine? 
www.freebase.com/m/0c61p	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02r2nzl	what book is calabria about 
www.freebase.com/m/05b6mvx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	Which genre is the king of fighters
www.freebase.com/m/048g08	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/02xb9nx	who is an activist for labor rights
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01n0xdn	what's the name of the groove coverage compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/048wmnn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is musselwhite
www.freebase.com/m/0crx0nc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the list movie
www.freebase.com/m/0dvk32n	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/017j6	who were the producers of  hello nasty
www.freebase.com/m/04grqw3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is true love?
www.freebase.com/m/0yc98	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	what is the location of north salem?
www.freebase.com/m/01mmdx9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g8zgjb	what is a song recorded by percy grainger
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0r8hkn5	Who is a professional musician?
www.freebase.com/m/049xmcx	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is the charecter fergal maguire a male or a female 
www.freebase.com/m/07hwkr	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0c7xjb	Who is a female white american?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqy88x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	whats the legal status of balsalazide disodium
www.freebase.com/m/0crsn60	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	WHich nation filmed kadal sadukudu
www.freebase.com/m/04801g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what type of rock genre is the album creedence clearwater revival
www.freebase.com/m/0168dy	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/09j6342	who is brittany murphy's father 
www.freebase.com/m/06zqwh8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is love khichdi
www.freebase.com/m/0n32gj0	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/0jzqxk9	what fictional universe does  girolamo savonarola appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0w3sb9r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is ryann green from?
www.freebase.com/m/06md07x	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/026wp	What is the topic of johncleese?
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_participating_country/olympics_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/018qb4	which olympics did england participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0g2tx4k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0frxg7y	What's a track off americana gothic
www.freebase.com/m/0cyvn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljvm	what kind of product is phenytoin?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd_7k	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02vtpm4	What organization did Leonard Blavatnik found?
www.freebase.com/m/01w2pvh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	whats the genre of music that banco de gaia makes
www.freebase.com/m/033n0d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the book wizard's first rule
www.freebase.com/m/013jz2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07bpwm	What american character actor was born in youngstown?
www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxnlps	what is the active ingredient of formulation of menthol
www.freebase.com/m/02r5gc1	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of school is mount alvernia high school
www.freebase.com/m/04whwmg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	What genre of book is wild designs?
www.freebase.com/m/02jyx	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/05x3dr	What was the advisee of edward sapir
www.freebase.com/m/02z441s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What was the gender of richard grimsdale
www.freebase.com/m/04j2d6b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01mjq	what country was passion's way filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/059_c	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04bb6sk	what is a city in nevada
www.freebase.com/m/0d9pf3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is robert lynn's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0406rh9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ni√±o gelig's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0j766w9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was valtari released
www.freebase.com/m/0lpkyr7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01bwxl5	what recording is on the track joseph?
www.freebase.com/m/01m9s0h	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	What music genre does kiss kiss bang bang fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9t82t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What is josef rovensk√Ω's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0s6bb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	in what state is bloomingdale found 
www.freebase.com/m/05h66p	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0ccvx	what larger neighborhood is middle village apart of
www.freebase.com/m/03c7469	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What kind of film is the soul herder?
www.freebase.com/m/03m9rq6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fr0t	where did ralph w. aigler die
www.freebase.com/m/03vsy5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is isaac featherston known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhtnfw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which country is mackroy peixote from
www.freebase.com/m/09tpmht	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the art form of the visual artist matthias gerung?
www.freebase.com/m/02zgk4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are Southeast Missouri State University's colors?
www.freebase.com/m/050btf	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0355dz	What basketball position does martin m√º√ºrsepp play
www.freebase.com/m/07m1k1	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0ddhb3q	what's a major operation that happened in tien giang province
www.freebase.com/m/043s3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	is john locke from the united kingdom or france
www.freebase.com/m/020jqv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nn6b_m	Name a track by the artist paul williams (songwriter)
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/098_vc	what is a mystery book
www.freebase.com/m/04wdpgx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0yww	who worte the english ritual for knights templar
www.freebase.com/m/04yk8h8	www.freebase.com/travel/accommodation/accommodation_type	www.freebase.com/m/03pty	what accommodation type is the dominion hotel
www.freebase.com/m/07lrrt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/0cxdcf	What fictional character has a healing factor?
www.freebase.com/m/04t0w1c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02rrnn	who was the writer of dark sun: the making of the hydrogen bomb
www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/027c8q2	what is the name of a  power forward basketball player
www.freebase.com/m/036bwnf	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was pop muzik: the very best of m released 
www.freebase.com/m/03b_ynj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	what type of tv show is legit?
www.freebase.com/m/08d_5g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What is rosso fiorentino's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0w_gy7k	what is a name of a documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/09hpmy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of tv program is unscripted?
www.freebase.com/m/03yqpb	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/organization_type	www.freebase.com/m/0565rv	What type of organization is TPG?
www.freebase.com/m/047m6mv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in the film observe and report?
www.freebase.com/m/03fbc	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/012r9qz	Name a track produced by gorillaz
www.freebase.com/m/02r6sjg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats the gender of  george harrison
www.freebase.com/m/02pn0q_	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02p0qmm	Which type of educational institution is perth college
www.freebase.com/m/0dswbrh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nz2gt	who is the artist that recorded my son my son?
www.freebase.com/m/095vrl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of eligius fromentin
www.freebase.com/m/03cymsb	www.freebase.com/base/formula1/formula_1_grand_prix/country	www.freebase.com/m/0161c	what small island country on the Persian Gulf hosts 2008 bahrain grand prix
www.freebase.com/m/059d0kk	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/014kjh	What is the 1976 edition of death of a salesman
www.freebase.com/m/01vpyv	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/03bnvh	what diseases are included in aneurysm
www.freebase.com/m/0sm2p0b	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is electric fusion the atlantic years
www.freebase.com/m/06xjj6	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08ctl7	What are attractions in bauchi state
www.freebase.com/m/048vsmh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	What u.s. state is mystic located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g21m59	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was ibiza: the ultimate clubbing experience released in
www.freebase.com/m/0409bvz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	The film four friends is considered to be a part of which film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0fh3dq	what is a city that follows the central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0m7xmzx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/04ck4bk	What album is main street a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0fglv9b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fx46qq	which album is i learned from you on
www.freebase.com/m/01fxg03	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is josie and the pussycats
www.freebase.com/m/0260m9j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	where was roxy reynolds given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0gkbrw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where in western europe is venzone
www.freebase.com/m/0zly6v9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is green disease in 
www.freebase.com/m/037526m	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was you, me and the windshield formated
www.freebase.com/m/03y7vgf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of object is 3287 olmstead?
www.freebase.com/m/0rwrw1	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0nlp0ws	what is a track off the gold album
www.freebase.com/m/01pl8gx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03jp8m	what music artist released the album phantasmagoria
www.freebase.com/m/0fxjkvk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fxjkwt	what is a track featured on the hardcore junglistic fever, volume 1 release
www.freebase.com/m/04_z9h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05bcl	Where is the carrickfergus borough council located?
www.freebase.com/m/02j9g	www.freebase.com/book/author/series_written_or_contributed_to	www.freebase.com/m/0f22q9	Which book did ernst mayr contribute writing for?
www.freebase.com/m/01n_mzx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07ffjc	What type of music is watch out! classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0tw7zh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02l840	who is the artist on the recording spaceship
www.freebase.com/m/0353l4	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/disciplines_or_subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	what subject is the award wolf prize in arts given to
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gks3gs	what is a thriller (genre) film released in 1995
www.freebase.com/m/04g1f_g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what does clint ballard, jr. do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/0yqfh7_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is rafael piccolotto de lima known for
www.freebase.com/m/04t4dq7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	Which genre of book is the cloak of shadows
www.freebase.com/m/0q6lq8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0czyk0	which hip hop producer helped record walk on by?
www.freebase.com/m/048_cy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01w613	what type of tv program is house party
www.freebase.com/m/03453v0	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	Which country is the burning times released in
www.freebase.com/m/0h1k2n	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of educational institution is palisades park high school?
www.freebase.com/m/03489	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06mp7	name a language that falls under the germanic languages family 
www.freebase.com/m/03bzyl	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/020w2	Which instrument is played by nat adderley
www.freebase.com/m/032lr8q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l0jtmm	which track contains the very best of greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/01hq3jf	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is greatest hits - live 
www.freebase.com/m/02x08c	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03wnwk4	what's the name of richard widmark's daughter
www.freebase.com/m/049nq	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/pertinent_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzckkh	what is the pertinent type of the area kingdom of the netherlands
www.freebase.com/m/0rf7_8y	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03hcyr	which organization did david warrilow create
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03fw85	which soccer player plays forward?
www.freebase.com/m/02qf5gb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	which genre is a moment of romance under 
www.freebase.com/m/0389995	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what region was 89.3 live current, volume 1 released in
www.freebase.com/m/048v9f5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nzlp	Where can one locate flowers crossing 
www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02z17v0	What is the name of a Japanese catcher?
www.freebase.com/m/03qqz2l	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wkvh	what genre is the artwork the olive trees
www.freebase.com/m/01gcnd8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07gxw	what type of music is played in the its all gone pete tong album
www.freebase.com/m/01dw0h8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09bpx5	which punk band recorded the song tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/01dll6	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0bc8g_	who is the daughter of queen noor of jordan 
www.freebase.com/m/09tm03	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7c7b	who is anthony ricketts
www.freebase.com/m/07517k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqzb2t	what is the active ingredient of ketotifen
www.freebase.com/m/02c4x3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What genre of film is europa europa
www.freebase.com/m/03d1kcn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0148xv	how did seisaku nakamura die
www.freebase.com/m/0zkgtrd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is swing from paris
www.freebase.com/m/0jqyz2t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/04hqz	Where is lynn kodeih from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrfwr	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/01zqfr	what is the form of dosage of activated charcoal 208 suspension
www.freebase.com/m/03wv3_	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/03wvb9	what is one of the islands that can be found in near islands
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03rjnk	What's an action film released in 1940
www.freebase.com/m/02qhpd_	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02v_916	Who is a founder of exl
www.freebase.com/m/0jlg3	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0rx8	who was the king of Lydia and croesus's father
www.freebase.com/m/0cs157	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0134wr	which artist made a the greatest hits album
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wgn2k	Give one example of a autobiography type book
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrvyf	Name a drug
www.freebase.com/m/03bzk_0	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/03qzj4	Where is the neighborhood of college hill located in?
www.freebase.com/m/01rsfw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	who published the computer game puyo puyo 
www.freebase.com/m/07nnsf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	which soccer position does adam blacklaw play
www.freebase.com/m/018w10	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09hr_c	who was a german american soldier born in baden 
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04947f8	what is an unincorporated community located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/0qjwx1d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/082db	who was the artist that made the album the prussian quartets
www.freebase.com/m/04yd93_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/015btn	What is vicki goldberg's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03h2_sv	www.freebase.com/user/robert/mobile_phones/mobile_phone/brand	www.freebase.com/m/069b85	What company makes the htc touch dual
www.freebase.com/m/0dq0d6z	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dpsqjt	Name a track off the musical release my winter storm.
www.freebase.com/m/0klh7	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/06hzfh	what film did harvey keitel executive produce
www.freebase.com/m/017l18	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/03v_zv	Who was socinianism named after
www.freebase.com/m/0h54zm4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (27763) 1991 rn22 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/02606fw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fwc0	what was jay harris's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0dzlk	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gby56	who boradcasts olivia newton-john
www.freebase.com/m/0b64sxj	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/062qg9	What film was directed by scott ritenour
www.freebase.com/m/05ryb0	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/064rb9b	What is the name of a game developed by free radical design
www.freebase.com/m/097xc	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01d8l	What country did the battle of lechfeld take place in
www.freebase.com/m/01vsy9_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rfzhd	whats a track by bing crosby
www.freebase.com/m/04n0_1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03c7htb	What is an album from barry adamson?
www.freebase.com/m/012jc_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/parents	www.freebase.com/m/026h46	who is a parent of the character celebrimbor
www.freebase.com/m/04swtxy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02gt5s	What metropolitan area is greensbriar found in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wg0b3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	what was written in britain under fire
www.freebase.com/m/0bxcgc	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	What position did cale hulse play?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/027ppqy	who retired from playing defenceman (ice hockey)?
www.freebase.com/m/0f08_d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/049lr	Witch south west indian state contains bajala
www.freebase.com/m/0cc0wn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0pfhn	where was fraser watts born 
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dllt6s	Name a professional baseball player
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fqmkqq	Name a baseball player
www.freebase.com/m/0c1thn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01vk13	where was mark edmondson born?
www.freebase.com/m/02872bn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/077rj	Who wrote the lyrics to america
www.freebase.com/m/07m811	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is the ethnicity of heather hunter?
www.freebase.com/m/03fpx	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01mcb9p	Name a grindcore band
www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0fy08l	what game was published by konami, the cvg publisher
www.freebase.com/m/05gnxl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is raj bagri, baron bagri?
www.freebase.com/m/04x_9w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is ralph 124c 41+ written
www.freebase.com/m/0fq7bn9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is sibylle canonica a male of a female 
www.freebase.com/m/0b1n5g	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/07w8fz	What is a 2005 participant media American drama film 
www.freebase.com/m/049fdwz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0v5rbbr	what album is produced by midori goto
www.freebase.com/m/06mv9w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0nbrp	Where was princess theodora of greece and denmark born?
www.freebase.com/m/03c8g74	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/04h9yl	what is the architectural style of the crossett municipal auditorium
www.freebase.com/m/0qh5jwr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0qk2mf7	What is one of the tracks in little house in the big woods?
www.freebase.com/m/08cj18	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/05qh0c6	what is a book written by jenny nimmo called
www.freebase.com/m/017g21	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0ltsdw	what track was produced by roger waters?
www.freebase.com/m/05cnt3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0mnsf	where is dalvin degrate from?
www.freebase.com/m/051ddf	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colors	www.freebase.com/m/0f0qdy	what are sigma alpha's colors
www.freebase.com/m/029k4p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what type of film is from dusk till dawn?
www.freebase.com/m/01kbt22	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What kind of music is the album waltz for debby?
www.freebase.com/m/0npnvzx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fr2s81	what release is energy from 
www.freebase.com/m/0345h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0412kky	What's a place inside germany
www.freebase.com/m/01g6h2m	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0339ft5	what is the name of the soundtrack of natural born killers
www.freebase.com/m/08dyjb	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/bowling_style	www.freebase.com/m/02bm_x	which bowling style does abey kuruvilla have
www.freebase.com/m/037mhg3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was a country fit for heroes released
www.freebase.com/m/0zwv177	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0zwt__0	Which series is there an episode called japan
www.freebase.com/m/0411lj_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	What is eugenia ratti famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0cryrfb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was the film red vs. blue: revelation made in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsql8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/08f7th	what is the active ingredient for reen mogangbichaek for sensitive scalp
www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b0nfz	Name a city in minnesota
www.freebase.com/m/091t5v	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/016yzz	who wrote don't come knocking 
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c7yr7	what book is  suspense literary genre
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04bv75w	what is located in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/05npqn	www.freebase.com/architecture/building_function/buildings	www.freebase.com/m/0qscdyd	what is a theater (structure) in iowa 
www.freebase.com/m/0pxkyz6	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gd9k	Who directed the motion picture concert for new york city
www.freebase.com/m/02ph8bw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is louis √âmile javal citizen of 
www.freebase.com/m/057_lv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09pwbv	what's  the name of a cricket umpire born in paddington
www.freebase.com/m/080ffqc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	who genre is discussed in daybreak
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0b8kc0	whats a movie title that is considered to be an india genre
www.freebase.com/m/02hlkgf	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	what company published magic sword
www.freebase.com/m/03d290k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is julio borbon known for
www.freebase.com/m/05f6plk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is ansgar brinkmann?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hvg8j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02xf8p	who is the composer of me love peace !!
www.freebase.com/m/02n64g	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/park/rides	www.freebase.com/m/0d95_j	what is a ride at kings dominion
www.freebase.com/m/0v51v	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/0hy_55m	what newspaper circulates in charlotte
www.freebase.com/m/0d34f_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vjs6	what type of genre is down three dark streets
www.freebase.com/m/0bjh6w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is mary losseff's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01csbk2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	Is desperado the original version or a cover
www.freebase.com/m/0h_01p8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/works_set_here	www.freebase.com/m/0d7vtk	what tv series is part of heroes
www.freebase.com/m/0fyq04_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	where was blues for salvador released 
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0f2_hl	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/0nlyxz5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0tx3pm0	What's a track from miami
www.freebase.com/m/01wgq1	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What genre is the other wind
www.freebase.com/m/048_lgl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_pregnancy_category/drugs_in_this_category	www.freebase.com/m/02_0mv	what is an example of a pregnancy category c (fda) drug?
www.freebase.com/m/0mksd6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dns923	what is the release track on the apparition 
www.freebase.com/m/0c9n7w	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0s00h	which city produced kucd
www.freebase.com/m/03g_x3m	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was under the radar released
www.freebase.com/m/014hdb	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/048r1l	What film did zhang yimou direct?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kcg24	What's a jazz album by chuck mangione
www.freebase.com/m/04dhm	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t0343	What is the name of a book written by ken kesey
www.freebase.com/m/01s3p6	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01t_z	Who was gaussian process named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhj2jt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/03264g	who introduced the character prophet
www.freebase.com/m/0bwjpvs	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0df219	what kind of mix is the ghost dub-dime
www.freebase.com/m/0tqdk2v	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fk_1q	what is the release track on freestyle
www.freebase.com/m/0fjflph	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is rhythms of the south from 
www.freebase.com/m/0zxsp8x	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01w6czm	who is the composer of the lighthouse
www.freebase.com/m/0173zk	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w2yms	which fantasy novel was written by chelsea quinn yarbro?
www.freebase.com/m/07h34	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/02z2055	which mountains are partially located in tennessee?
www.freebase.com/m/0cv71g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is eamon kelly known for
www.freebase.com/m/0cmc0cy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is dmitrijs jurkeviƒçs's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/06zqx89	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yy88	what kind of music is pulling teeth 
www.freebase.com/m/0hr570j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what music does zsuzsi mary perform 
www.freebase.com/m/02803c	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/09vmfc	who is a character created by margaret weis
www.freebase.com/m/0k4pb_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of didier rachou
www.freebase.com/m/048452k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is hissop in
www.freebase.com/m/0gj4n2k	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04268m	Who directed faces of a fig tree
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0d24zd	which military personnel was involved in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/0dp5nlt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fckwl_	which album is words on
www.freebase.com/m/02_8j9	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/068bpk	What's a book written by katherine anne porter
www.freebase.com/m/016zjj	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/066g_x	What island is located in gal√°pagos islands?
www.freebase.com/m/09f9p4	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what kind of lake is claerwen?
www.freebase.com/m/07m9q	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsdfc	What is a marketed formulation of testosterone
www.freebase.com/m/04z6kn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released shaft in africa
www.freebase.com/m/0dfz9h4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What does eric laug√©rias do for a profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0145dfx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ljbfnv	which track is part of japan
www.freebase.com/m/0b7dcr3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of movie is the magnetists fifth winter?
www.freebase.com/m/01nmf8f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	what label record is stacy lattisaw under?
www.freebase.com/m/0c030jv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01pj7	What is the nationality of fedor ≈†kubonja?
www.freebase.com/m/0fk_vy	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	is ken baumgartner left-handed or right-handed
www.freebase.com/m/0550nt	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/09dp3q	who was an influence on bronzino
www.freebase.com/m/0243xw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqjsj7	What is a drug manufactured by ranbaxy laboratories?
www.freebase.com/m/01hs_5m	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/019tlp	Who is the producer of The W.A.N.D.?
www.freebase.com/m/027_bf2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05swd	what kind of film is salute to the marines?
www.freebase.com/m/02qptlq	www.freebase.com/education/department/field	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the name of a field in the cornell university department of history
www.freebase.com/m/0179bc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w1d3_s	What is a island that is a part of thousand islands?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4d1	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0b4bk_	what event happened in dare county
www.freebase.com/m/033xxj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wyzr6	What is a track by the artist the butterfly effect (band)
www.freebase.com/m/05hyf	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/0b8bqx	WHo is an activism against nazism
www.freebase.com/m/01l75f	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02ql335	Which game did parker brothers develop?
www.freebase.com/m/01bly9q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lg_yxf	What are the tracks on the recording cadillac
www.freebase.com/m/026xm8l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does thao nguyen and the get down stay down perform
www.freebase.com/m/049n74	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/04q6wjk	what's the name of a show that arlene phillips created
www.freebase.com/m/0bfm0xn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	Which country filmed my voice
www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/04n7jzg	what's a football game by konami
www.freebase.com/m/04kf52k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02w__4_	what is the active ingredient in fosfomycin tromethamine
www.freebase.com/m/04m28h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0203n3	where did verney lovett cameron die
www.freebase.com/m/013pt4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/05j7b7	Who was a founder of the cato institute
www.freebase.com/m/02hlh9x	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03vsqc	who published frank herbert's dune
www.freebase.com/m/0gyhy_p	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	What's the language used in kurosawa's way
www.freebase.com/m/02dm18	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04v7npx	what is an edition of the book matilda
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07626w	What's a movie in the photography genre on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04v4cts	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02chbw	what is the publisher who published the book a town like alice
www.freebase.com/m/0jwvjq3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is carl balhaus?
www.freebase.com/m/04yp6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0dc95	what film is inside moves filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/04tn244	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02dhwl	which language is used in mindelo - atras de horizonte
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027z4k1	whats an album name found in the emo genre
www.freebase.com/m/05jd4y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is sami garam male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/025sxhg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01tp22	who is an electro-industrial artist?
www.freebase.com/m/02rtk7s	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	what is eagle day's position 
www.freebase.com/m/052mn6	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05xls	What does herb sutter do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0bmc6p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g7yx	where was the woman annibale maria di francia born
www.freebase.com/m/0fgv6f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nr2v	where is tursi based in
www.freebase.com/m/02ln1	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02qyy8	Who did edmund husserl inspire
www.freebase.com/m/0cyn3	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0y3ct	what is in nassau county?
www.freebase.com/m/07zt1ls	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/055d6n	who is the  bugcrush film story by
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y793_	What is the name of a solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0fq_bn	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position does albert br√ºlls play
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t3p8x	what is the name of a fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds446w	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0b06q	what religion is viktor zimin
www.freebase.com/m/03fzdp	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion is charlotte casiraghi?
www.freebase.com/m/033l56_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was time released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0cz8vvl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n8byq	Who is the artist from the album titled toya
www.freebase.com/m/05zqshh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in yankee doodle bugs
www.freebase.com/m/0gc11h1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wjf	where was kuan-chung ku born
www.freebase.com/m/0kt_rf	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0841wh	what is a film written by daddy day camp
www.freebase.com/m/0ghmfk	www.freebase.com/computer/programming_language/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01tlw	what is cadence skill influenced by 
www.freebase.com/m/08zg4v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is friedrich gustav jaeger a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/0mgwmzv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f6d6bs	what is a recording of joseph?
www.freebase.com/m/0kbg6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/065mx_	which characters did chris claremont create
www.freebase.com/m/02t_gc	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/02519_	what type of lake is  elgygytgyn lake
www.freebase.com/m/0dsvz2m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01t4wm	who is the artist on the recording how deep is the ocean
www.freebase.com/m/01x6_p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k11	under which label does ernest tubb work
www.freebase.com/m/02cf_t	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlwfj	What game did bullfrog productions develop
www.freebase.com/m/0d_njmh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03dpf	Who recorded climbing over a rocky mountain
www.freebase.com/m/0d6b7	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/032md	who wrote metropolis (film)
www.freebase.com/m/04lm64	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin of the film mockingbird don't sing?
www.freebase.com/m/04653c8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What kind of music is exhibited by the album viaggiatrice solitaria
www.freebase.com/m/050l8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b43cc	what city is in montana
www.freebase.com/m/03hk74j	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0f_1wm	what ethnic group does soccoh kabia belong to
www.freebase.com/m/09kjp4p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what category of film is something for the boys
www.freebase.com/m/0bx7cy	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What genre does the book boba fett: hunted belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01vvsf	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/disciplines_or_subjects	www.freebase.com/m/036hv	What is the subject of wollaston medal?
www.freebase.com/m/02ph_m2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03sp39	Who was the author of sleeping in flame
www.freebase.com/m/05xm7c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05808s	what is the recording company of altthesaint
www.freebase.com/m/033x_1x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n8p_0_	What is the track list on the release bayerman vibration?
www.freebase.com/m/03vyhn	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0dr5y	who wrote the music for ghosts of mars
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/02rttlr	What film was toronto featured in?
www.freebase.com/m/0y4th	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0fkh6	where is highland mills located
www.freebase.com/m/044h4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/04yb3s0	Which organization was founded by john danforth?
www.freebase.com/m/01ndjng	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type did 800 balas have?
www.freebase.com/m/040rgr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01lrh5l	whats an album created by the artist  freedom call
www.freebase.com/m/02zk91	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_conference/teams	www.freebase.com/m/02pksnn	which teams played in the the summit league
www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/028b67d	what film was shot in 35 mm film?
www.freebase.com/m/08xpv_	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/08gm1d	what is an example of a neighborhood in the pittsburgh metropolitan area
www.freebase.com/m/047c6wc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01yc0s	where was the place of birth of billy williams
www.freebase.com/m/0fcjm8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02xhgwq	what is christopher bigsby's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0cpy06q	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in fargo
www.freebase.com/m/05mvyt2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/032s66	What fatal action caused cathy wayne's death?
www.freebase.com/m/0274cf8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	what type of movie genre is breakfast with scot
www.freebase.com/m/0g50xs3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	What is neil westfall?
www.freebase.com/m/02x4zqj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is ernie alexander from?
www.freebase.com/m/09k4m5w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is hiram n. breed's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0q787s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wph57	who recorded wu gambinos
www.freebase.com/m/044rv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0wzmr7d	who was born in jakarta
www.freebase.com/m/0fqww8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	which language is used in the vineyard man
www.freebase.com/m/03h1bjl	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which european country is the film cheeky! released in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/05mt0ft	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/03fk48p	what is a song on the album called guitar
www.freebase.com/m/0581ks	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What is jos√© antonio rem√≥n cantera's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0_kqf2m	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0_kqfc_	which famous actor is melyssa james the parent of
www.freebase.com/m/0522w1t	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/012c1l	what is the ethnicity of emily davinci
www.freebase.com/m/08lrrl	www.freebase.com/base/dinosaur/dinosaur/diet	www.freebase.com/m/05glqkd	What diet does the dinosaur achillobator have?
www.freebase.com/m/0h88w1l	www.freebase.com/type/type/domain	www.freebase.com/m/0h5h9cl	who is a korean composer
www.freebase.com/m/0479q2q	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0tyq	what type of art is displayed at cass motor sales
www.freebase.com/m/0464hzz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dprfpf	What is a track by chungking 
www.freebase.com/m/0dqhcjp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what type of music is on battle royale original soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/0gqm69	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/01nh83	what area does dyri serve
www.freebase.com/m/0680l5	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/02mn0l	where is tamil food from
www.freebase.com/m/0crtb8w	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What language was the film Mohammed Rafi Forever?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03730q	What is the title of a  fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/04081f3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	what is bridgit mendler known for
www.freebase.com/m/0fvyg	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/04143gk	what's one of the neighborhoods that's in raleigh
www.freebase.com/m/01jtn54	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/047v8v	who is the artist on priceless (her very best)
www.freebase.com/m/080d2z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what does ralf little do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/051_dpl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of movie is ek hasina do diwane
www.freebase.com/m/0l3yh0h	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/bats	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	is shogo saito left handed or right handed
www.freebase.com/m/01y8h5	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wffd9	what book is about christian denomination?
www.freebase.com/m/03qd191	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does tonina torrielli perform
www.freebase.com/m/01jfw9c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	Is twenty 1 a live album or a studio album
www.freebase.com/m/083dwd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	what is brett kebble's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/04tk_gv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what is the genre of lifeline
www.freebase.com/m/04n2ysm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what types of movie is day of the outlaw in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crrwvs	What is the name of a popular documentary film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01j54y6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/036px	which country artist recorded fresh horses
www.freebase.com/m/01kpldd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0134mx	which artist released odessey and oracle?
www.freebase.com/m/0278ybw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03y9sc	what label is chrisadamsstringdriventhing under
www.freebase.com/m/01mnfq5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	which genre of music does the album blue belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0hy3z	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0v_c3w2	who is the child of ahinoam
www.freebase.com/m/02z26vm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n46d	which county is luart in 
www.freebase.com/m/0fg69wm	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	Which label was touch release on
www.freebase.com/m/0g3jb6h	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0rrjy58	What's a song off of just the best
www.freebase.com/m/03y44h3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which star system is 10004 igormakarov a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0289t	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06swt	Which country is the film all for free from
www.freebase.com/m/0k0rzsv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What type of film is "Mockingbird Lane"?
www.freebase.com/m/01jj484	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is bandes originales de films de an album or a dvd
www.freebase.com/m/02q58hq	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02r4y1	what film did james jacks produce
www.freebase.com/m/02q9xnn	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/018dx9	what style of paint does mary kelly paint
www.freebase.com/m/02kzvxj	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06dx0w	Who produced red lob?
www.freebase.com/m/06_3tp7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What language is spoken in the film me he de comer esa tune
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/06mb3x	Name an emo album
www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wgg_r	What is a book whose subject is sociology?
www.freebase.com/m/0m8k08f	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dmjpcc	The release track delicatessen is from which recording
www.freebase.com/m/06htz7	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what kind of school is upper darby high school 
www.freebase.com/m/05klk5c	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03tmb	what kind of video game is out of the study?
www.freebase.com/m/08zx6r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02p4jf0	What is the record label of clare fischer
www.freebase.com/m/0vvsb7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0yb5ndd	What's a song on earth
www.freebase.com/m/0qvzx0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02jxmr	Who produced the theme from er
www.freebase.com/m/01ln5sx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album basher: the best of nick lowe
www.freebase.com/m/039n1	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/073x7n	name people georg wilhelm friedrich hegel influenced
www.freebase.com/m/0h5cbz	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/geographic_distribution	www.freebase.com/m/0cvw9	where is one center of concentration for the chinese community in india
www.freebase.com/m/04w3y_2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What's the subject of waiting for the wild beasts to vote
www.freebase.com/m/0m_b81	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01lhqxh	What's a release from nobody told me
www.freebase.com/m/0jxtgz8	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is famotidine 20 film coated tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/06snk7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is jacques lisfranc de st. martin originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh54s6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What genre is runaway car
www.freebase.com/m/03cl9bv	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/0zgk_q5	What is a book that was published by mira books
www.freebase.com/m/01s9wgp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what types of music is broken wings ep
www.freebase.com/m/0w8z2nc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07f1x	What country is inthanon range in?
www.freebase.com/m/01ksshx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vtmw6	which musician recorded aerial ballet
www.freebase.com/m/03mg2r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	What is the genre of music created by the artist mnemic
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04whtkm	whats the title of a  fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/01h7ncb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k0np	which artist put out the album wowee zowee: sordid sentinels edition?
www.freebase.com/m/03yl4yx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what category does the celestial object 10188 yasuoyoneda belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02pmq18	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	what is marin ƒåiliƒá famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0f2nf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03gz3p5	What is the name of someone born in new haven?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs02m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of dicel?
www.freebase.com/m/0hg11	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0j5fv	what is a symptom of hypothyroidism
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04qbjw_	what player is a defender?
www.freebase.com/m/0ryvl58	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0w3qcxt	which recordings is a remix of the song bad?
www.freebase.com/m/02q46pq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Who published the video game case closed: the mirapolis investigation?
www.freebase.com/m/02gzlg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03bzg67	which region is located in aktau
www.freebase.com/m/03_0yq	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t49xc	what books have greg iles written?
www.freebase.com/m/0m8nnzz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dmz0fs	What album is the game featured on
www.freebase.com/m/02hlm3d	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	what platform is final fantasy xi  
www.freebase.com/m/026ct85	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/025rxkk	in what district is stillwater found
www.freebase.com/m/0fs2fwl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mplnfj	What is a title from clear?
www.freebase.com/m/04gnzvs	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What religion is practiced at the gate of mercy synagogue
www.freebase.com/m/0zksdxg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0gdh5	Who wrote the song tapes
www.freebase.com/m/0fnfsc7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mnmd9n	Name a track from the thirteenth step album?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0vxnz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0myn4yq	what track is in the recording madagascar?
www.freebase.com/m/013xxz	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0cf_hn	What's a composition from anton rubinstein
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0dllh0j	What is a name of a regiment?
www.freebase.com/m/0hnbh48	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/032yv	what is within the maritime group of forces' jurisdiction
www.freebase.com/m/0k0026c	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of object is the 12312 v√§te
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03ygxrr	what is an asteroid found in the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/0jzz_k4	what is an asteroid in the asteroid belt 
www.freebase.com/m/04tpb3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/uses_game_engine	www.freebase.com/m/04sh_kc	What engine is used in the game tom clancy's ghost recon 2
www.freebase.com/m/01v75dg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02q45nd	what's the name of one of bryn jones's albums
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j9q8y	which album is considered post-punk
www.freebase.com/m/030j4y	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04tx5sq	What editions were published by pat barker
www.freebase.com/m/0y5fp52	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is naomi pharr from
www.freebase.com/m/015wzz7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/039f0bv	which album was cape town released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0b1x7m	what program is a type of animation?
www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_form_shape/drugs_with_this_shape	www.freebase.com/m/0hqmy4_	which drug is in the shape of a circle
www.freebase.com/m/0gsyg2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgx	what country does virgil madgearu live
www.freebase.com/m/027z9yb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06mp7	what language is spoken in beck ‚Äì skarpt l√§ge
www.freebase.com/m/02tjf4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/06mv6	who tv show was winn adami in
www.freebase.com/m/0122t	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/01xqs6	which man had albinism?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwz4z	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/048yqf	what film did gary foster produce 
www.freebase.com/m/03_80b	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0f9l58	what film is produced by ismail merchant?
www.freebase.com/m/04wbtz8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0221qp	what is the subject of the book restoring the goddess
www.freebase.com/m/0g37_sg	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	hits! was released under this label.
www.freebase.com/m/01gjw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08dyg4	Who is an artist that did ballad
www.freebase.com/m/0168vx	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t2qvx	What's a book written by carol ann duffy
www.freebase.com/m/0269c4m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/015jr	where is the pyramid found in canada
www.freebase.com/m/02w4djb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where is mollybeanland originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0q6vr	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is fyffe located in
www.freebase.com/m/03j8gmv	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in what format was can i keep this pen? released
www.freebase.com/m/07gqbk	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qxrs	What Taiwanese boy group was signed under sony music entertainment (japan) inc.?
www.freebase.com/m/03g36hg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was emissaries released 
www.freebase.com/m/0q59vck	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does footballer brian caswell play?
www.freebase.com/m/01k7b0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	which country filmed the diary of anne frank (1959 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0lryzzc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/015qky_	victoria is the release track off what recording
www.freebase.com/m/0y4cnc2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What format was right action released as
www.freebase.com/m/07j87	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	What rank of organism is a tomato?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvy_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	This is the nationality of actress and entertainer jan adele.
www.freebase.com/m/0pcv5v6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was mariposa originally in
www.freebase.com/m/05dpw0v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/01kt3w	which series is sylvia in
www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04068hx	what is an attraction to see in ohio
www.freebase.com/m/05zjkch	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What kind of rock do dead by april play
www.freebase.com/m/0h1_31	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre of film is caro diario
www.freebase.com/m/01v10j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	what is the nationality of charles dutoit?
www.freebase.com/m/0lrcwyf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is sander zoer
www.freebase.com/m/0lyhp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre is the artist John Gosling?
www.freebase.com/m/027lqr4	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/03h4rzr	which company produced taare zameen par
www.freebase.com/m/01mxt_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/supporting_artists	www.freebase.com/m/06m4wm	What musician has supported steve vai?
www.freebase.com/m/0y7v_xb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064c6f	what sort of album is hurricane
www.freebase.com/m/0bvc29q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is rick schmidt
www.freebase.com/m/05fv_h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	where did eamonn campbell originate
www.freebase.com/m/0lldx7r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/014z7h0	what are tracks of the baby album
www.freebase.com/m/03y7t8z	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0lyjt	after what physicist was the 9253 oberth asteroid named
www.freebase.com/m/089v8t	www.freebase.com/base/paranormal/person_with_alleged_paranormal_powers/type_of_paranormal_ability	www.freebase.com/m/0fzb5	What type of paranormal ability does john newbrough allegedly have?
www.freebase.com/m/02dmzl	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzcgdl	what is the administrative area type of dadra and nagar haveli
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jj_bn	What's an album by the inner circle
www.freebase.com/m/0mwnn2b	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g11wmn	What was the release for the release track cars?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrzkx	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dfb_p	who created the story for front of the class
www.freebase.com/m/0m6k8b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f1pdrl	what release is from the recording firecracker
www.freebase.com/m/0_b84n0	www.freebase.com/base/crime/crime_victim/crime_type	www.freebase.com/m/01fzl3	what is the type of crime that happened to brianna denison?
www.freebase.com/m/04f_ydm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what is the genre of the album dance or die
www.freebase.com/m/05f8b87	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where was otto krueger born?
www.freebase.com/m/03w45t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	where is marine air terminal located
www.freebase.com/m/01vrx35	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gfhq9p	to what film did robbie robertson contribute music
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h4nz9	An example of a indie film would be what?
www.freebase.com/m/02qdkpf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0494yv	Who is the lyricist from the song somethings gotta give
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22yb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/036q95	what's a movie title in the netflix designation indie documentaries
www.freebase.com/m/0h0vk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artworks	www.freebase.com/m/051st_w	which artwork is contemporary art
www.freebase.com/m/0nstr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/028c6n3	What's an airport located in tippecanoe county
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrlg8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the candesartan cilexetil 32 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/04wbzvb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01x3g	what is the book dangerous emotions about 
www.freebase.com/m/0jt03k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	which california city was don zimmerman born in
www.freebase.com/m/0l0qff	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01wbx8g	Who composed "free"?
www.freebase.com/m/0388mhk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was industrial madness released
www.freebase.com/m/02wzc84	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	what is bob hudson most known for
www.freebase.com/m/09v7tq9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01psyx	How did blanca s√°nchez die
www.freebase.com/m/029g_vk	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/07w_hw	An example of a telecommunications company would be what?
www.freebase.com/m/01v3q8s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_r3	Where is lloyd parks from
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0f4699	who businessman part of the jewish people
www.freebase.com/m/0j88rk8	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/048hf	who is kent mclachlan's son
www.freebase.com/m/05vfxxz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	who is virginia lanier
www.freebase.com/m/0l9k1	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gkt3	what film was ernst lubitsch the director of
www.freebase.com/m/0zm0xp8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01g6b	Name the composer of weary hearted blues
www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08wzf2	which musician plays adult contemporary music
www.freebase.com/m/030xc9y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zp4wn	what is a track from 16 greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0zhnwj3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form of composition is music is love?
www.freebase.com/m/05j90w	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what art medium did f. o. c. darley use
www.freebase.com/m/0zjg55w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is between yesterday and tomorrow in
www.freebase.com/m/0lrldgz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039cc9l	what album was history released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0mlhzv_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fhhc5j	what release is lost from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhpnkf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type os music does anita lerche perform
www.freebase.com/m/0g0gq	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/05x5f6	What is the name of a political party that practices monarchism
www.freebase.com/m/0crylxx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what film genre is bacterium considered
www.freebase.com/m/0qrxm	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is valley springs in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bjm2	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05b3chy	Which film did russell mulcahy direct
www.freebase.com/m/03gg_x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What nationality is sid watkins?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqms6b	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is rx act pain relief regular strength 325 tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/09gk3cy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jhr	What genre of music does brewster productions make
www.freebase.com/m/04w5_4_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/017kd4	What subject appears in humane livestock handling
www.freebase.com/m/04lgr9r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0lhxsdd	which episode is found in the tv program fossil detectives
www.freebase.com/m/02rqy56	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What is the netflix genre of the unknown woman?
www.freebase.com/m/071vr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02r6wcp	Who was born in san diego
www.freebase.com/m/0h55q37	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which celestial object does (23512) 1992 pc3 orbit 
www.freebase.com/m/05rhyh	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	What religion does anwarul karim chowdhury practice?
www.freebase.com/m/02hln81	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03877	what can you play spongebob squarepants: supersponge on
www.freebase.com/m/0ny85cf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	dillinger: public enemy no. 1 is which type of movie
www.freebase.com/m/0ktbhd5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031nn9m	which release contains the track tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/0fpr_76	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ptj2	where was andreas resch born
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0kymc4	what is the fifth studio album from Japanese rock music duo, Boom Boom Satellites?
www.freebase.com/m/03qyqr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d2ww	What is alessandra ambrosio's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/063x9hz	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/04llb	where was telecel - comunica√ß√µes pessoais, s.a. founded?
www.freebase.com/m/02qg4h	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01s6v9	Name someone who was killed by hodgkin lymphoma
www.freebase.com/m/0k8lw66	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What nationality is hassan hirt 
www.freebase.com/m/02rf51g	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02q52q	Which film did herbert stothart contribute music to?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv96c	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language do the characters speak in the intelligence men
www.freebase.com/m/09pgcxd	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/042kbj	who was the director for the film its a great life
www.freebase.com/m/09q4gy	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07s2s	what concept is the butterfly effect 2 written about?
www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0f_trp	Who is a notable first baseman
www.freebase.com/m/03x_w0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mhnq	where was √âmile moreau given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt73h	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of the drug amoxicillin 40 suspension?
www.freebase.com/m/0kvbl6	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/02725jt	who directed the film art for the postman (film)
www.freebase.com/m/03cpwnk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01423b	Where was Mark McGregor born?
www.freebase.com/m/06x81b	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/02g5cv	where is the canadian rockies international airport located
www.freebase.com/m/01qjw8j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what music  genre is yada yada 
www.freebase.com/m/03g0f8z	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	it crawled into my hand, honest is under which genre
www.freebase.com/m/0njtj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	cass county is in this state.
www.freebase.com/m/0d2yq1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	what is william rotsler's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0bd7b0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what nationality does chris fountain belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0gm5rk8	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	which format was in memoriam filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cm8b5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is sven-olof walldoff's language?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dp8_8x	whats the name of an album
www.freebase.com/m/09lz7c	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	magic springs and crystal falls, located in Arkansas, falls in what time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0vrv1	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/0vrv1	what city is in plymouth
www.freebase.com/m/018p5f	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/027z1l3	which radio station is owned by clear channel communications
www.freebase.com/m/0bfs41	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is elizabeth clarke wolstenholme elmy
www.freebase.com/m/04w4gvx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h0n	what genre is the salt house 
www.freebase.com/m/02qhry	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	What is one of the school colors of lanzhou university
www.freebase.com/m/0gzjhs5	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	what media type is andy dalton
www.freebase.com/m/0ltp0p4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039_86n	what release is portugal on?
www.freebase.com/m/051ytkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily used in northwest hounded police
www.freebase.com/m/040rlh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02827z0	Who is the son of maclyn mccarty?
www.freebase.com/m/01kvjf6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	what is an album released by bon jovi
www.freebase.com/m/0g7pbgq	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	where was the release door 't lint! 5 debuted
www.freebase.com/m/01pc2ch	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is convergence, a narada sampler
www.freebase.com/m/07kx5k	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04jkr1c	which film has zhang yuan produced 
www.freebase.com/m/0ft5v	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xs05k	What is brisbane river?
www.freebase.com/m/096ww1	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_coach/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	what sports did keith barnes play?
www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lbvnr	which boy band is singed to emi 
www.freebase.com/m/04pf295	www.freebase.com/digicams/camera_iso/cameras	www.freebase.com/m/02xc2kh	what camera has an iso of 120?
www.freebase.com/m/04959d_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of summerfield
www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/organisms_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/02phvcz	Name a famous Canadian horse.
www.freebase.com/m/064ph1v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01qjct	where was dai prosser born?
www.freebase.com/m/027wc21	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0hn4h	where did truc ho get his start
www.freebase.com/m/05cv23	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04411	which philosopher influenced benjamin barber
www.freebase.com/m/033wq31	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was nirvana released?
www.freebase.com/m/0khhs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04kmvqn	what is a chihuahua?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0wbyp	What's a town that uses central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/04w6r10	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what genre is the book the book of life
www.freebase.com/m/0pfshq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030n1r8	what was released in all good things
www.freebase.com/m/0f_4jzn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is the song boyfriend notable as
www.freebase.com/m/0ngvtns	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fydw	This city in Belgium is where actor bert van tichelen was born.
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/094fc7	What's a documentary film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0znrv9l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What ismartin montgomery's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/027sc9	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09gky4d	which artist is part of fania records?
www.freebase.com/m/0bdt7q3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is mein kampf from
www.freebase.com/m/0577d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g5rrtr	What oberfeldwebel was born in magdeburg?
www.freebase.com/m/01wc0s	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in searchlight
www.freebase.com/m/04yr0y	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what would darnell valentine mark on a united states census
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dwgxt_	what is the album by the Bee Gees released on 1969
www.freebase.com/m/052psgc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What genre is the lost paradise
www.freebase.com/m/03y5jpm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is 6806 kaufmann categorized as?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv6lr8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fqkt6_	Which artist is from the album progress
www.freebase.com/m/049rkqn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01c2_j	Who is the artist that created the downtown: the greatest hits of petula clark album
www.freebase.com/m/06_klx9	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	which architectural style is lee tracy house
www.freebase.com/m/01hpq3h	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7t	who is the artist of seven
www.freebase.com/m/0lms5t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	who is the singer of the album into the groove (dub version)
www.freebase.com/m/01w4fr4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03m9trs	what album was created by red flag (band)
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hpp1z2	Who was born in new york city?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0442g7	what are titles of fiction books
www.freebase.com/m/04r19	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	What is the religion of luke the evangelist?
www.freebase.com/m/0f61bbl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	Which type of album is 20 original greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/01msj8d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018glqb	what songs are by erich kunzel and the cincinnati pops orchestra?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds1wng	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03rg1j	Who directed terrible teddy, the grizzly king
www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4qdp	What's an example of a historical fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/03y0pn8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what is 4151 alanhale a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/01h_49t	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What genre  is secret treaties?
www.freebase.com/m/013z0p	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/engine_type	www.freebase.com/m/06hvz	what kind of engine does the sopwith camel use?
www.freebase.com/m/0389k0	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0src57	which track was produced by the producer tony visconti
www.freebase.com/m/0bym6t	www.freebase.com/award/competitor/competitions	www.freebase.com/m/0c4z86	what contest was tamiko nash a participant in?
www.freebase.com/m/04tpxnw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/04t0l1h	What book is gold coast an edition of?
www.freebase.com/m/026l2zd	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dq5xj	what type of software is fring?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zq6j0h	what's a song written by e.e. cummings
www.freebase.com/m/04hp18	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the film geris game
www.freebase.com/m/02sdxz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is margaret may's profession
www.freebase.com/m/04jwp	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/05mp89	Who was influenced by lord byron?
www.freebase.com/m/02rmxsv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0dsvlfj	another day is a recording from what musical composition?
www.freebase.com/m/0cshrf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/041620c	what is a type of political cinema film?
www.freebase.com/m/01jj0y7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/011zf2	who is the musician that created around the world in 77 minutes
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs3gk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is trihexyphenidyl hydrochloride 
www.freebase.com/m/06mkpm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r7fy	which city in california was darlene vogel born in
www.freebase.com/m/01kzw8	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0gbmv3t	Who is the child of duane lee  chapman?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmhld	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/056xs	Who is benny begin's father?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp7j58	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the album content type of one step at a time
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt0xj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0hqw_	what is the active ingredient in leader 12 hour nasal decongestant
www.freebase.com/m/03mp8k	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06p03s	Name an artist under sony bmg music entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/08q_7m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre of film is may fools?
www.freebase.com/m/064sn5	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/054m__	which body of water is the mouth of oti river?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtn6x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0g293	what types of music is used in ana gabriel: en la plaza de toros, mexico in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/06jf34	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/07myjr	What's a treatment available for stomatitis
www.freebase.com/m/0275dp7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what kind of game is deactivators
www.freebase.com/m/0cc676y	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system is 24986 yalefan in 
www.freebase.com/m/02_zhl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0461jh	which religious leader was born in hatillo
www.freebase.com/m/02jy4v	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03snr6	what films did king hu write?
www.freebase.com/m/0crw65n	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	What category is murder at el meneo available under on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0kvdn6c	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	which areas were affected by typhoon haikui?
www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/0247c0	What United States Air Force Officer is interred at the Arlington National Cemetery?
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02q8vp1	Name a professional writer
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bgv5h	which artist is considered an indie rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/0pmf4z3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	is need you now blue or pop rock
www.freebase.com/m/0355dz	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0sxdx9v	who plays small forward in basketball
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0csxnnj	what movie is a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/03j3m5t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What sort of music does louie austen play
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/06cy0s	Name a public university.
www.freebase.com/m/01t_xp_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/049hg0	where did rush originate?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcjjp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre category is 7 girls 
www.freebase.com/m/0cv8fm8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is jesse archer's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0gbr2__	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country does torsten knippertz get his nationality from?
www.freebase.com/m/0337hv	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	Who developed mega man 6
www.freebase.com/m/0761lr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	Where is george w. getty buried
www.freebase.com/m/027fbnc	www.freebase.com/film/film_featured_song/featured_in_film	www.freebase.com/m/03pjlk	Which movie is deadweight featured in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5j0yq	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/05n03fv	who was the creator of the fictional character named  shimmerpelt
www.freebase.com/m/0g21xk4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mxl14w	what is a track on the album the big machine
www.freebase.com/m/096jl	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0263cw3	Who is a representative artist of the rococo evolution?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03gb8n2	What is a soundtrack for a 2003 film of the same name?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0hht853	who plays defender for the kingston fc canadian soccer league?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgll7z	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hxcvy	in what language is the film the president versus david hicks
www.freebase.com/m/0lvdjlx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/017fxpb	What's the recorded version of rome
www.freebase.com/m/05zd_z	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What kind of school is vestavia hills high school
www.freebase.com/m/0408x2h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what type of music does everything is made in china perform
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0jb87dm	which christopher is a professional screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/025rs9h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02yxk6w	what is dujiangyan city a notable example?
www.freebase.com/m/03gs5dw	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_coach/current_team_head_coached	www.freebase.com/m/0fq7ww	which team is jerry kill the head coach for 
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0h3vdwf	Which planetary system is solar system in
www.freebase.com/m/04yq2jc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/062cnx	who wrote tales from the dad side
www.freebase.com/m/02z6m8h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is joan druett's gender
www.freebase.com/m/034xhxm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0148_y0	name a track from the album the world's greatest metallica tribute
www.freebase.com/m/016chh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0w2vd54	what is a memoir
www.freebase.com/m/0crdwk6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	which baseball position is played by pete allen
www.freebase.com/m/0gy4ksg	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what type of fabric is the art still life  done on
www.freebase.com/m/0wxy7kc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is henry long's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/05222wb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is bhagwan parshuram filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2xl06	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of movie is lesster
www.freebase.com/m/031tmbq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kv1sqf	what songs are in the world of the goons?
www.freebase.com/m/0dykhc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/073q1	what's one of the subjects tackled in a rumor of war
www.freebase.com/m/0gj7g8t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre is a woman¬¥s business?
www.freebase.com/m/027v9z_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is auzaar in?
www.freebase.com/m/01rdx33	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	which label is roll deep signed to 
www.freebase.com/m/0_ztb	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0msb1	which county is atlanta in
www.freebase.com/m/0fq9s72	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is inside the mafia under?
www.freebase.com/m/01pztwy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cxgb2	what is a song on magic theatre?
www.freebase.com/m/01rr227	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what genre does the curtains make
www.freebase.com/m/0234j5	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/04_ct7	Who edited the film jackie brown (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtkzf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	what is the active ingredient in counteract cough drops honey lemon?
www.freebase.com/m/02vrv2t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what film genre is harrison montgomery?
www.freebase.com/m/0crzfvg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what kinds of movie is dharma karma netflix
www.freebase.com/m/03fcmm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	What city is the birth place of kemal bokhary?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxf_wn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06vqn8	What is an active ingredient in ocean potion instant dry 50 mist sunscreen?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1hlg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Name a star system in 19617 duhamel
www.freebase.com/m/0hqn1pk	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	What shape is the zaroxolyn 10 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs6sv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the current legal status of ultravate pac-cream
www.freebase.com/m/0_b6bg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x0y62	which bluegrass artist recorded the song fireball?
www.freebase.com/m/0mmzc9g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fly8p2	what album is fever from
www.freebase.com/m/0crhw20	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nationality is jehanne wake
www.freebase.com/m/0284gnz	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0x1qp	Where is the radio station kxgn located?
www.freebase.com/m/0crptn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What language is comrades: almost a love story in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtfsg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is eyewitness: the pacific war: the day of infamy
www.freebase.com/m/0wy4_zx	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/097v6	who produced visitors
www.freebase.com/m/0g5510y	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what religion does musa khan ahmadzai practice?
www.freebase.com/m/01lh0j6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What type of music genre is the album "Built to Destroy"?
www.freebase.com/m/03ynppz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What type of movie is who's been sleeping in my bed?
www.freebase.com/m/02ms6l	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What type of school is santa fe university of art and design?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4ys0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/017r5g	Who authored germany?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkc38_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0f_y9	who wrote lyrics for flying for me?
www.freebase.com/m/0w1thrg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film star light no.5 bis?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1h5d	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is the category of 6488 drebach?
www.freebase.com/m/01w83zq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/096jwc	What genre of music is rjd2 classified as
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04zyb7q	Which film from india deals with a money-making scheme?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04n3c7z	what is the name of a russian football foward
www.freebase.com/m/08r909	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	which language is in the film  isle of flowers
www.freebase.com/m/09gp_ld	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/011k4g	what music is in the film of rice and hen
www.freebase.com/m/0lvrn1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	who released the album think of me
www.freebase.com/m/01mmv92	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is an american quilt 1967-1974
www.freebase.com/m/04g2f3j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where is the 21453 victorlevine found 
www.freebase.com/m/06lvgm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	Where was antonia kidman born
www.freebase.com/m/06xwms	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/04gngrj	who is moldovans
www.freebase.com/m/0zg48	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	what time zone is summerville in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrx44	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	what active ingredient is found in iope air cushion sunblock ex
www.freebase.com/m/05c1spd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/082fr	What country was the smugglers banquet made in
www.freebase.com/m/04j1d9l	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0njlkxb	who wrote the film brothers in arms
www.freebase.com/m/0cs0fyn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	which film genre does the ghost of greville lodge fall under
www.freebase.com/m/06pl3yt	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was the film the last visit made in
www.freebase.com/m/0b77zc8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04lf3b	where did richard barr die?
www.freebase.com/m/04j33cx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04zyl0	downhill willie  was a film directed by who
www.freebase.com/m/01cdt5	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/0hg11	what is a manifestation of dyspnea
www.freebase.com/m/039x0zb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/015680m	What is a featured track from mains pleines de ciment 2
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0mr20	name a county located in the united states 
www.freebase.com/m/04w29kh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fdys	What subject is the book wishes, lies and dreams
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04gtw8j	who is a SS officer in world war ii 
www.freebase.com/m/0wp_ms9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0w7n9g3	what season is the tv episode  turkey from
www.freebase.com/m/05m_gg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	Where was vladimir dedijer born?
www.freebase.com/m/02bx23	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0k8r7zt	who is a fencer born in rostov
www.freebase.com/m/026dvsf	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/037br	who composed the music in a chef in love
www.freebase.com/m/01gq_p	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_type/organizations_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/05s34b	What is a type of radio network?
www.freebase.com/m/05bhx9v	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wkvh	What style of art is view of st. marys square in utrecht?
www.freebase.com/m/03wbmr0	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	Where was the waiter featured?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh7__0	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/governing_body	www.freebase.com/m/0f4r5	to which governmental institution does spirit mountain wilderness belong 
www.freebase.com/m/0cs13wr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	What netflix genre is accident in?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlqx	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04knzl5	What is the coloring of basset fauve de bretagne?
www.freebase.com/m/0zxxrj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04xg_p	who recorded we want
www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_jurisdiction/government_bodies	www.freebase.com/m/035pgl	What's the legislative body of massachusetts
www.freebase.com/m/0_svnz0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	where did kent melville terwilliger spend his last days
www.freebase.com/m/0r4xf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f20n7	What is the name of a high school in chula vista
www.freebase.com/m/0gqbz4	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is villabate apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/0mj_	www.freebase.com/user/coco/science/concepts_theories/parent_concept	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	what is the parent concept of automorphism
www.freebase.com/m/01w3v	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/subsidiary_or_constituent_schools	www.freebase.com/m/02qz1v	name a subsidiary of cornell university 
www.freebase.com/m/0gjyyy	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone is dovera in
www.freebase.com/m/02nlfw	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd3	what is the rating given to the film volcano?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlpcp	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0857v	what is the developer of the game the legend of kyrandia
www.freebase.com/m/0c0l7lj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What type of genre is red river renegades titled under netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsnl2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025s7j4	What is an active ingredient in ionosol and dextrose?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/062zc_	Who is an author?
www.freebase.com/m/03xpx0	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/04p7zg9	whats a neighborhood in the south florida metropolitan area 
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0dc54t	Name someone who died of a myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01k9lk4	What is the name of an electronic music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0chkfy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of deadline
www.freebase.com/m/04vjfg4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	What kind of binding is love lies bleeding available in
www.freebase.com/m/05fmtz	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0jsslr	Who was the cinematographer for the film the upside of anger?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5gl8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	where is 8994 kashkashian found
www.freebase.com/m/01jnm	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/021z52	what persons were involved in the battle of gettysburg
www.freebase.com/m/03fjswn	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the release salem from
www.freebase.com/m/0g0y2m	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what video game genre is toy story 2: buzz lightyear to the rescue 
www.freebase.com/m/03xgm3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/07scfq4	WHat's an album from chris botti
www.freebase.com/m/0h6n6p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01m5yg	what location was ralph botting born in
www.freebase.com/m/0f6d20	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country locates dudhrej
www.freebase.com/m/0nlvf7q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0xb1xmf	what track is part of closer
www.freebase.com/m/012qxv	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02x8b0h	What diocese is located in county sligo?
www.freebase.com/m/04g51	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t2b2h	Name a piece of literature
www.freebase.com/m/04ggj91	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	What entity was involved in the battle of arnhem?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxljk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0179qv	Where was gabriel carpenter born?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0pdnwwz	What is the name of a pop music DJ
www.freebase.com/m/04mh41	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	where in africa does the molopo river pass through?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2697	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	what is the subjects of catherine carmier?
www.freebase.com/m/034839r	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01vvydl	who produced the chronic?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv2rsr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fttkvl	which track contains absolute svenskt 1.0
www.freebase.com/m/0397kmd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	in what region was das rock n roll imperium schl√§gt zur√ºck released
www.freebase.com/m/05xdmg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what type of film is kaante
www.freebase.com/m/01s4jq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is vanessa del rio's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/051vlj	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01qkq9	which chinese state was involved in the battle of guiling
www.freebase.com/m/03h2f_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrqq_	how is benzoyl peroxide sold
www.freebase.com/m/02x53_0	www.freebase.com/education/school_magazine/school	www.freebase.com/m/02jx_v	What school published the catalyst (magazine)
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdhy9	which autobiographical book is based in england?
www.freebase.com/m/01fshq	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/02_3k	what art forms does simone martini create
www.freebase.com/m/0zv4mxx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release type was the album no one home?
www.freebase.com/m/044p1c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0ggy5rz	what is an episode of the cyber team in akihabara program
www.freebase.com/m/0g1tbtq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g3vkf4	What album is lebanon released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02qq5pq	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_designer/games_designed	www.freebase.com/m/02t84g	what games have rieko kodama designed?
www.freebase.com/m/0tm_dyv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q9lkmj	what album was jesse james featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0gfdry1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre of music is storyboards
www.freebase.com/m/02qs6cz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats dan kwong gender
www.freebase.com/m/0fnf_m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/038w4l	what label is blue under?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsv96l	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/04q8fw8	which album was released by little richard
www.freebase.com/m/047g3gs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is simon law's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/06_72	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/03b932	what is the ideology of sinn fein
www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0169x4	Who is an artist on the warner music group record label?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cdnx1	drama is the genre that best describes this film.
www.freebase.com/m/0c6ry3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is priscilla slade?
www.freebase.com/m/0gz4k1	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/0183r6	which mountain range does serratus mountain belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04w5vvc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04m8c	What subject would three days that shook edinburgh fall into
www.freebase.com/m/02qr1wn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/036n1	what does albert peter low do
www.freebase.com/m/0fbwq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/060l7d	Who was born in dubrovnik?
www.freebase.com/m/0j6p29t	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/027qc63	which model is lti
www.freebase.com/m/025zn1d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03_c8p	Who published nba 06
www.freebase.com/m/03mgbm7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is asia cruise male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0130gk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/023dh71	What albums are by vienna philharmonic orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/0yxrl80	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is joel karekezi noted for in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_9v36	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02m8fr	who is the recording artist of the song i don‚Äôt wanna stop?
www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0ky_35w	what is an adventure game?
www.freebase.com/m/0xd795y	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m9k6y	who is the artist on the recording venus
www.freebase.com/m/026m_cg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d35y	what city and state did dutch ruether die in
www.freebase.com/m/01h37kc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What is the content type of the album unlock your mind?
www.freebase.com/m/0clvqs4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04f_d	what city contains saint lukes college
www.freebase.com/m/0_vhjc0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What category is the film shifter under?
www.freebase.com/m/0q1_zch	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is michal lavi's job?
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0v8hm	what is located in the eastern daylight time?
www.freebase.com/m/0412n2l	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what gameplay mode does spogs racing offer
www.freebase.com/m/04lb_r9	www.freebase.com/biology/breed_temperament/breeds	www.freebase.com/m/0bllpv	Which breed of dog has a spirited temperament?
www.freebase.com/m/01mfz8z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dq3v7b	what are tracks by jochempaap
www.freebase.com/m/05p2vqw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country was maharathi filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv56n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0602p	What ingredient is used in chloroxylenol 15.75 liquid
www.freebase.com/m/0g54yf5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	What is vladim√≠r franz's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/05m_vh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where did jan zrzav√Ω die
www.freebase.com/m/059kh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hxqzg	what album has new wave music?
www.freebase.com/m/0gwxlr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	what group of ethnic people does cara seymour belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02rmz33	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of clifford chatman
www.freebase.com/m/02tf1y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is damon wayans from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bw_9l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of edgar valter?
www.freebase.com/m/02k5dy	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/018qjq	What river is can be found at the mouth of the dolores river?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3d0nn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0myv2h4	Name a track off of the ultimate wedding
www.freebase.com/m/03zy8t3	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was ninja cuts: flexistentialism released 
www.freebase.com/m/07th60j	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01bkv	which eastern european language is khudojnikat klatiu boyadjiev filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0m3nh6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02j9qh	Who was the recording artist for dick tracy?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyl7j	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position does harry feldman play
www.freebase.com/m/01trjt	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bb7wr5	what is the composition made by roy harper
www.freebase.com/m/04n1kyf	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0982bh	who is mother of kayla scavo
www.freebase.com/m/01n910	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k0fv5	who executively produced red dawn
www.freebase.com/m/0dx8660	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is cosmic turnaround?
www.freebase.com/m/03cbygg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where was cesare gravina's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0c2150f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06jdl	What is the birth place of johnnie hector
www.freebase.com/m/03hn0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gkt86b	Name a 1970 korean historical film.
www.freebase.com/m/01jc29y	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album wander this world?
www.freebase.com/m/017yzc	www.freebase.com/royalty/royal_line/kingdom_s_ruled	www.freebase.com/m/03nljq4	what kingdom did house of hanover rule
www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04jd96	who is a victoria cross recipient in world war i
www.freebase.com/m/0l38x	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0489wqm	what's a community within ventura county
www.freebase.com/m/0y3ct	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/0y3ct	Where are the university gardens, new york located
www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/0b6mbw2	what is a  high peak in the Zugspitze massif in the Alps of austria
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02qx7d3	Who is someone that is african american?
www.freebase.com/m/03_kl4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/04gcfl	what game is published by virgin interactive?
www.freebase.com/m/02h6p1f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0xnwb55	whats the name of a professional botanist
www.freebase.com/m/077g_v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is john d. chandris
www.freebase.com/m/0n18qs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01vrs20	who was the producer for the album flesh
www.freebase.com/m/0crrzhk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in the house of adam
www.freebase.com/m/0mgrh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/059f74	Name someone who was born in manche
www.freebase.com/m/0127m7	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0g_wg9g	what is kevin costner's mom's name
www.freebase.com/m/0c9c52x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what spacecrafts has rockwell international manufactured
www.freebase.com/m/041v2yz	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	what is the media type of the turkey
www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/047ddkl	What is the name of a game in the action-adventure game category
www.freebase.com/m/0dwx64	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	Who is elmar lipping?
www.freebase.com/m/03qq_jf	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	Which art form is the portrait of henri michaux
www.freebase.com/m/0yc8zy4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0y9qb3g	what recording was released on sagrada familia 
www.freebase.com/m/03cxkn4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06qm3	what kind of movie is that uncertain feeling
www.freebase.com/m/01qthfh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of music does comecon produce
www.freebase.com/m/03jbvwc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m2lstn	what songs are on parallel dementia?
www.freebase.com/m/02_7t	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/03p252q	what's the name of a finance company originally from ohio
www.freebase.com/m/01l551	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0j4w_	Which ethnicity is ivan me≈°troviƒá?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw8hh	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/015smg	Which industry is coles express in
www.freebase.com/m/02hxllh	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	Where is iku language spoken?
www.freebase.com/m/066496	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_facility/teams	www.freebase.com/m/02pl_lj	what's the name of a team that plays in conte forum
www.freebase.com/m/0151xv	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0hmv5p1	who is dirk bogarde's father 
www.freebase.com/m/020n1j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/seasons	www.freebase.com/m/07n9tyn	What's a season from australian idol
www.freebase.com/m/0jq6f3z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	Where was √âlcio sodr√© born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh1gq	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0f8sw	What flavor does peptic relief cherry 262 suspension come in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dv4zvg	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was let's make better mistakes tomorrow released?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wflfn	what book, named after a year, is a suspense book
www.freebase.com/m/0524v1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is angela ruggiero's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0crw2b1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is israel in a time of terror filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jrtv	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0rpft	which park is located in orange county, florida
www.freebase.com/m/0nb8d03	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06h393c	what books have gerald o'collins written?
www.freebase.com/m/05gg4	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/championships	www.freebase.com/m/076v7	what championship did  new york giants win
www.freebase.com/m/034z2s8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l71zmb	what is a song off bang! tick... tick... 
www.freebase.com/m/04b4lst	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is belmont designated as?
www.freebase.com/m/0d7ttpb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What language is santa in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_3f4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/0bdzrd	Which game did tt games publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3v555	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05f_3	What do the actors speak in totally true love
www.freebase.com/m/04j2qbc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is subterano
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02x53r3	what are folk music albums
www.freebase.com/m/026hb0r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	What kind of music is the album acoustic kitty?
www.freebase.com/m/050g1v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03d2491	what is a type of southern gospel album?
www.freebase.com/m/01x_6s	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0nhxjgt	Who is from medellin
www.freebase.com/m/0q2lw0h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is the secret of trees 
www.freebase.com/m/0p059	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0rb86	Name a place located within gunnison county, colorado.
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/0278vwt	What's a country radio station
www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crsy4k	what is a title from the latin american cinema genre in netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/0wwkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is la russell located?
www.freebase.com/m/02qz_jr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/017vb_	What network created the tv progam the lost tribes
www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_support/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0gwhss0	Name a canvas painting by French artist Delacroix
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp1b9	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what is the color of advicor 750/20 extended release tablet
www.freebase.com/m/050_3mq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0c73z	Who wrote the song stabat mater
www.freebase.com/m/05b_1rc	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/02b2g0	what is the production company responsible for autumn marathon
www.freebase.com/m/031zpf9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was acoustic standards released 
www.freebase.com/m/04yc6jy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the los angeles flower district in
www.freebase.com/m/0f38nv	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/048wq3	what artists are signed to spv gmbh
www.freebase.com/m/0_vn7	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w7gthg	Who was baseball player born in knoxville
www.freebase.com/m/05q7qx8	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/country	www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	what country are native upmanship from
www.freebase.com/m/0z790ys	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is once is enough in 
www.freebase.com/m/0kygv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is cannes in
www.freebase.com/m/0f3z_1q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03jbzbx	what is a song on believe
www.freebase.com/m/0bbtng6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	what types of movie is before midnight in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/07bp2b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of jagz kooner
www.freebase.com/m/04tty6k	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/03656d	what was the original title of the book edition  faerie tale
www.freebase.com/m/018hcz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is the nationality of heinrich wilhelm olbers
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y3t4n	whats the name of an  asteroid discovered in 1998
www.freebase.com/m/04d_s6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used in the tv program return to river cottage
www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04y7vc5	what album is in the genre of melodic death metal?
www.freebase.com/m/0462jx5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position is jos√© della torre charged of
www.freebase.com/m/03pvgl	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/04ypcs3	what restaurant serves canadian cuisine?
www.freebase.com/m/02dhdk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	what type of program is floris
www.freebase.com/m/0298q	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/06n710	What is the name of a german painter associated with the dada movement?
www.freebase.com/m/0j95	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05820_	what is a mountain in alberta
www.freebase.com/m/0hhbr	www.freebase.com/architecture/type_of_museum/museums	www.freebase.com/m/03q_0d	What is the name of an art gallery
www.freebase.com/m/027dy7s	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07ms06	Who is signed with the record lable konlive distribution
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqhln	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the prednisone 2.5 tablet available?
www.freebase.com/m/04bjs8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what is stanley fischer's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/082rq_	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/owner	www.freebase.com/m/06wkvx	Who owns the connecticut post
www.freebase.com/m/02qc5j5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release was dicks picks, volume 32?
www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01m_nd4	what is the second studio electronic dance music album by √âmilie Simon
www.freebase.com/m/06h24w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xpjyz	What is inyokern airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhr9dz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what is the best description of clara sofie's music
www.freebase.com/m/0ccq02	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01fndg	What is the subject of the social construction of reality?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j1fjj	What's an album recorded live at the fillmore
www.freebase.com/m/0417kry	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/019fh	Where was tom schuman born?
www.freebase.com/m/02pr3bl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what does eve sussman do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/03mmxd	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/04klctc	What is the parent disease of macular degeneration
www.freebase.com/m/06ypcbn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0697kh	Who's a writer of the pilot (2) episode
www.freebase.com/m/0tlsmvk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k_q_	which city was rachelle wood born in 
www.freebase.com/m/011w6l	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ymtb	which scottish philosopher was born in  ecclefechan
www.freebase.com/m/0c380p	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/governing_body	www.freebase.com/m/0f4r5	What governing body has control over the ironwood forest national monument
www.freebase.com/m/058s0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0frz0	What is michio morishima's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0kfb34w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what genre is fire academy?
www.freebase.com/m/04gpt0_	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	what kind of architecture is the washington damon house
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsj51	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025sf0_	what type of drug is delflex neutral ph 
www.freebase.com/m/026d085	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What genre of book is the year of the quiet sun
www.freebase.com/m/0hr6dl9	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	what is 1st louisiana native guard's place of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldmz	www.freebase.com/base/folklore/mythical_creature/mythology	www.freebase.com/m/034p8	Which mythology is the creature cretan bull from?
www.freebase.com/m/02czxl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is little walter from
www.freebase.com/m/04j2gps	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what was the language used for the film donkeys hide 
www.freebase.com/m/0j1g3tt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/05py67	what series is bedtime stories a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0c1qb7h	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/09y6pb	what movie set was created by jan k. bergstrom
www.freebase.com/m/0_0m6k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/067mj	what artist is the song free form?
www.freebase.com/m/02rqj08	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd3	what is d-war rated
www.freebase.com/m/04y9r5j	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0bhymc	who is mount heyburn named after?
www.freebase.com/m/055vr	www.freebase.com/location/in_state/legislative_capital	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	what is the legislative capital of maharashtra
www.freebase.com/m/0f2qngm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06fqnk	Who recorded montana
www.freebase.com/m/0j4_bj2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gives nationality to j.c. bitzer 
www.freebase.com/m/0dz556c	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What kind of format was fresh raspberries released as?
www.freebase.com/m/04q6njr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/028n3	where did thomas johnes die 
www.freebase.com/m/0lqd_v6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nationality is fred hueston?
www.freebase.com/m/04crkqc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in atlantic city
www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bnnrnd	who was born in prague?
www.freebase.com/m/0jzzf0t	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star does  (11410) 1999 fu34 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pxw1yc	Which animates short film was released in 2011?
www.freebase.com/m/0l_xc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/038wk6	what is the name of a national park located in  hoonah-angoon census area
www.freebase.com/m/0vthmv0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	What was the place of birth of joseph rao
www.freebase.com/m/0vj5bs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lf2px6	What's a track from 2001
www.freebase.com/m/01ls0gf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of music is on the album bakesale
www.freebase.com/m/04gwr0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	what is the genre of the book the guns of the south
www.freebase.com/m/0bwf_8p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01dg2n	which place did george townsend die 
www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01pc_4	Who was born in the city of san francisco?
www.freebase.com/m/03mk8d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is brett lee's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04j10vp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	What netflix genre is sztos
www.freebase.com/m/0dd9bd0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01vz08	What kingdom was involved in the battle of ganghwa
www.freebase.com/m/07kcmt0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02jh89	where was urubongs rajsombhoj's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/0722b8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0660r7	who created the character baby jane hudson
www.freebase.com/m/0fgh7w7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fc1gz	which artist recorded draped up (remix) 
www.freebase.com/m/04mfwn	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instruments can john ogdon play?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfwtz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what type of gameplay mode is the game zombie zombie?
www.freebase.com/m/070hf5	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/03cf9mm	what are the names of characters created by steven grant
www.freebase.com/m/04kkz8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what type of netflix genre is patch adams under
www.freebase.com/m/0k4690	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language does david j. bloomfield speak?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02prgq0	Name a mezzo-soprano singer born in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/03gwg3v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/049gc	who wrote the title 2 b r 0 2 b
www.freebase.com/m/012lfr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j50h1	what albums are by creedence clearwater revival?
www.freebase.com/m/06jfsh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What is the position of jamie watson?
www.freebase.com/m/09gg52	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04chs7	where did thomas s. tait die
www.freebase.com/m/028bpgt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01j4jl	what type of school is aurora hills middle school
www.freebase.com/m/0414wtb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bzgb4	who directed the city that never sleeps
www.freebase.com/m/01jtwg	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/01ksvs	what is a character that belongs to saiyan
www.freebase.com/m/0mv72	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/03mpk	Who was hamlin county named for?
www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032979m	what is a release from rca records?
www.freebase.com/m/03y89mh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	where is siekierkowski bridge located in
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_b5z	What was a drama film released in 195?
www.freebase.com/m/011hdn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zl8h0	which tracks have alice cooper recorded?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxph9h	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0cf417	what is the dosage form of the drug formulation hand sanitizer
www.freebase.com/m/04993pd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country within north america houses heatherview
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cht65g	What person has the profession of a film producer?
www.freebase.com/m/051x_y6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03shp	which country is tehran: another side from
www.freebase.com/m/01pr_7v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pr_j6	What musician made aashiq banaya aapne
www.freebase.com/m/01tdm6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02z32w2	who is a person that was born in  beersheba
www.freebase.com/m/06vcy6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050ks	what state is wadsworth-longfellow house in?
www.freebase.com/m/092gf9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016_v3	what kind of music does crime mob make?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs1w0k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is leaders in battle: oliver cromwell?
www.freebase.com/m/049_q0k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In which nation is elbow lake located?
www.freebase.com/m/0935qv	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what type of lake is llyn alaw
www.freebase.com/m/01mm9kg	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is unreleased 1: mary's eyes?
www.freebase.com/m/05msn9q	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what genre is the film dragonquest
www.freebase.com/m/0kyzx5l	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0g7jsr	Which publisher released samurai deeper kyo
www.freebase.com/m/02rshmn	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what are turnbull high school's official colors?
www.freebase.com/m/04mgzt	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/025t7ly	what religion is kathleen lonsdale a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlk1_v	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war was curt gallenkamp part of
www.freebase.com/m/090878	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of steve henderson?
www.freebase.com/m/06ly26	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is cruz bay 
www.freebase.com/m/03nn4_5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is ray loring's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0fpx5x_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music can be heard when listening to a reality tour
www.freebase.com/m/0gq66w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the composition i wanna be around?
www.freebase.com/m/0bb75nk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vt_6x	who is the composer of the work helmut k.?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0gndw5	Name a jazz artist
www.freebase.com/m/01blkn	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02g4fj	What book's main subject involves bullfighting?
www.freebase.com/m/0jpdn	www.freebase.com/book/author/series_written_or_contributed_to	www.freebase.com/m/05qd3j9	which comic book series did frank miller create
www.freebase.com/m/02qj50v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position is volodymyr sharan known for playing 
www.freebase.com/m/01k3022	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/012b30	what artist is with the walkabouts?
www.freebase.com/m/0n2mhr3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03yzpdb	what is the release of the track poison?
www.freebase.com/m/0lq4_	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/03nw_n3	What event took place at opis?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1f51x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r785	Where was morgan taylor reid birthed
www.freebase.com/m/0mplj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c4d7f	What is located in Addison County?
www.freebase.com/m/03k50	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j35vf	What's a movie available under the hindi category on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04fzpk1	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/03m8_	what is higher in classification than hyaena (genus)?
www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/025t7sz	which game is of the cvg genre fighting game
www.freebase.com/m/04jk5s	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/032s66	how did samuel needham die?
www.freebase.com/m/028bw86	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	What was war of the dead's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0qy_1	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	what is the time zone for crescent city?
www.freebase.com/m/03klxc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	where is aleksandr ivanchenkov from
www.freebase.com/m/05nqdy	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_type/organizations_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0tkfc1k	What is the name of a social enterprise
www.freebase.com/m/014wtp	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride_manufacturer/rides	www.freebase.com/m/04pb0c	What is a ride made by kings island?
www.freebase.com/m/04jkjf8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01gjw	what style of music is on the aprend√≠ a llorar album
www.freebase.com/m/07s70fz	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what kind of water body is mccombe lake
www.freebase.com/m/07l4yxr	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/05cgmd	Who edited la danse: the paris opera ballet?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0z23m16	Name a male actor
www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/05832j	Name a video game character who is a scientist
www.freebase.com/m/05cv94	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0lw0_qq	what is the name of ron w. miller's kid 
www.freebase.com/m/0qcrj	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/state	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	in which state is menlo park
www.freebase.com/m/0j_zgz0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is tornado intercept
www.freebase.com/m/0c3x5mm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does george enticknap identify as
www.freebase.com/m/0q546	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/05r2y6	what work was written by mary renault
www.freebase.com/m/0zkys30	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	which genre of music is the chamber wind music of jack cooper in?
www.freebase.com/m/057m6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/021dvx	what is a famous mmorpg 
www.freebase.com/m/01pky_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	which country is royal opera house, london located
www.freebase.com/m/023spv0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ljbdnw	whats the name of a track from the recording indiana
www.freebase.com/m/0r8f96x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	What country is suzan aksoy from?
www.freebase.com/m/01gp1v	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22mq	where on netflix is the movie zelig
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ghhdgn	what film is a type of lgbt?
www.freebase.com/m/0nh55dc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is infinitamente in?
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/026rp1	what are history books?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0slj_zx	which live albums were produced by the keith emerson band?
www.freebase.com/m/028_0	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/0g02vk	what medical condition does deng xiaoping have
www.freebase.com/m/05tc6w	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/03byt6f	What school is within omaha public schools
www.freebase.com/m/03fs0m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01p2b_	which music label signed the artist epica
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/049rg0h	what is the name of a country album
www.freebase.com/m/02q_7qv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02d6v0	who composed this dying soul
www.freebase.com/m/059s7v	www.freebase.com/base/disaster2/wrecked_ship/shipwreck_event	www.freebase.com/m/064gcxh	How was ss morro castle  shipwrecked
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0g5ps6k	What's an example of a song
www.freebase.com/m/0nddc7k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is the film mong
www.freebase.com/m/0mw28	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ggyp0	which football player was born in berkeley county?
www.freebase.com/m/0343h	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dfw0	What film was executively produced by George Lucas?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5nfzv	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was thrash patrol released
www.freebase.com/m/03khn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/047ll24	who was born in helsinki
www.freebase.com/m/03xs8t6	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	what kind of label is songs of christmas
www.freebase.com/m/03c76fd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	which country's borders does p√¢r√¢ul cetƒÉ≈£ii fall in
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0ch2j54	who is a Czech defender 
www.freebase.com/m/0f9w35m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8tkmb	What was a popular track from the garden state album
www.freebase.com/m/01mwn_q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dpnx86	What is the name of an album by bally sagoo
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h2_43j	What studio album was made by lada gag?
www.freebase.com/m/01trtc	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012vnv	who is the artist on interscope records?
www.freebase.com/m/0djvtys	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664x	what is gunther behnke's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0djb1nt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What kind of film is midnight witness
www.freebase.com/m/0bv_8jt	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gskmr	What producer is behind the film blue?
www.freebase.com/m/02pvll_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is shawn syms known for?
www.freebase.com/m/03d9c1g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	is tonight we ride country or folk music
www.freebase.com/m/0xn7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0brr71	what is the southernmost section of jersey city 
www.freebase.com/m/08kpxm	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/09p6qf	what was named after john dustin archbold
www.freebase.com/m/03qjg	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0fpj4lx	What musician can play the harmonica?
www.freebase.com/m/025wwt6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01gfqh	what topic is the new world order on
www.freebase.com/m/0wdk8	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is used in east grand forks, minnesota
www.freebase.com/m/0nhvr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04060lp	What is the name of a city in carlton county
www.freebase.com/m/04mky3	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0m29p	What instrument does sufjan stevens play?
www.freebase.com/m/076833	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r41w	where did dave cox die
www.freebase.com/m/09gkhq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in the black sheep of whitehall
www.freebase.com/m/01dh5cz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mnyywl	which track can be found in the recording decapitation
www.freebase.com/m/03kh9g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02k_kn	what genre of music does the whitlams make
www.freebase.com/m/02bjypp	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	what is thomas hunt morgan
www.freebase.com/m/027t1xv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is calvin jones's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0zlhghn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/014d3y	Who wrote the composition i grant you
www.freebase.com/m/01ksj1_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was hollies sing dylan released as 
www.freebase.com/m/04_v97	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/012_6c	Who composed my girl?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_z_g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what is harrie massey's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/09hp8g	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	What conflict did richard e. fleming partake in?
www.freebase.com/m/02g8yv	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/0cbqk	who is someone that has the disease  prosopagnosia
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0ch3wyn	whats another existing solar system
www.freebase.com/m/03hg_0c	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04gjj	who directed the film tiefland
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/024bv9r	whats the name of an album based off a play
www.freebase.com/m/05klkj0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what the the cvg genre of square circle
www.freebase.com/m/073965	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats bo duke's gender, male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/027bh2_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/012qxv	what is the roman catholic diocese of achonry's jurisdiction
www.freebase.com/m/0byw32	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what ethnicity is suzanne malveaux 
www.freebase.com/m/0n6syby	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033csxf	which album did peanut butter get released on
www.freebase.com/m/03y2jpc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What is 8816 gamow a member of
www.freebase.com/m/04160nn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form is the composition never never?
www.freebase.com/m/0h10mml	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country created apocalypse how 
www.freebase.com/m/02rpjkd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is asian stories filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04c0z_c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	what state is sunken meadow beach within
www.freebase.com/m/0gzrt29	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what medium was the bathers painted on?
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/06vv6_	which actor is ethnically jewish
www.freebase.com/m/0f4lww9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f4lww1	What album features the song julius caesar
www.freebase.com/m/0frhv4_	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/015k6ts	what is a version of evolution (feat. fontella bass)?
www.freebase.com/m/04b3rhg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	In which state can one find canaan?
www.freebase.com/m/08966	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0b5f6t	which places are located in z√ºrich?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy5wh	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h26kbw	what movie did straw weisman produce 
www.freebase.com/m/02q__rl	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	What's a color of bulacan state university
www.freebase.com/m/09gn10x	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is from the hut, to the projects, to the mansion
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/07yvwx	Name characters of the male gender.
www.freebase.com/m/09v2jtf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is irene in
www.freebase.com/m/0pd16x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01_k1k	who recorded a devil in the woods
www.freebase.com/m/01kb3nv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is the border
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09mrrh	What is a location in canada
www.freebase.com/m/0f_6018	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was 2-tone: a look at ska retro 80's, volume 3 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0x92d	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is falls city in?
www.freebase.com/m/049zn1	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04946n	What is a film that was produced by adam curtis
www.freebase.com/m/032qp0q	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country was star condemn'd released 
www.freebase.com/m/09g9dwm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what film genre is three crowns of the sailor?
www.freebase.com/m/08fqth	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what is the school type of hibbing community college
www.freebase.com/m/0fq1h68	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where in paris did  stanley loomis die
www.freebase.com/m/0k33swc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/031rm1	what is the series that the episode scotland is from ?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddnhr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what type of film is chori chori?
www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/07q6g7	which actor died from lung cancer
www.freebase.com/m/047sxrj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of music does nicki minaj sing
www.freebase.com/m/0yhdkb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0318k_h	what release is the company on?
www.freebase.com/m/05925	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02_42mx	what is a game by maxis
www.freebase.com/m/0bg0dm	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/technique	www.freebase.com/m/05mt9	what technique in cricket does rohit sharma use
www.freebase.com/m/0y61fcc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01llj3	where was john w.g. harley born?
www.freebase.com/m/05mtw2s	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06br8	what type of rugby team is albert hybart in?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03c9kg4	Name a midfielder soccer player
www.freebase.com/m/05pf1_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/parents	www.freebase.com/m/03gc6c	who is kirsten cohen's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/04mxfj9	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is wilbert frazier's ethncity?
www.freebase.com/m/03ckzt5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is richard l. cevoli from
www.freebase.com/m/06f6j2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Jack McFarland?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05szgbm	what is a short film from 1959?
www.freebase.com/m/06_w8zm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album den nye by
www.freebase.com/m/04wcbz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ggh3	where was alan stephenson boyd given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0ft1rpp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	which genre of film is animals distract me in
www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/054rny9	Name an artist from emi record label.
www.freebase.com/m/0bsl6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03kqn6	Which island is suva located on
www.freebase.com/m/05xn3v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	which country is garcia de orta from
www.freebase.com/m/0g88xv2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is the region for the release the dub club night
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05x3p27	What artist was born in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0g62xr2	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	was zen cd: a ninja tune retrospective formatted on a compact disc or a cassette tape
www.freebase.com/m/06s0br2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03l1s3	Who is the author that wrote  the theory of probability
www.freebase.com/m/0jwwmt7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is louis marcien marion from
www.freebase.com/m/02hfp_	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h5xd2	which films have anthony minghella produced?
www.freebase.com/m/01rwyhr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music does joy lynn white write
www.freebase.com/m/04wdqkg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	what genre is the book just the financial facts
www.freebase.com/m/0gczg53	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	who is david leivick
www.freebase.com/m/0728c3	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/05jphn	what time zone is victoria in
www.freebase.com/m/0l144s6	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/032rdh_	The release track inverness is from what
www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/09lrrt	Name a famous saxophone player
www.freebase.com/m/05235l	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02rxj	what religion does maria alexandrovna follow
www.freebase.com/m/0zxdzp5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	Which language is the composition yokohama sing a song (opening version) in?
www.freebase.com/m/0303q99	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what physical medium was starcrossed released on
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f4lg2d	what is an album from 1995
www.freebase.com/m/01n4rdm	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	Which ethnicity is aaron hall (singer)?
www.freebase.com/m/0701zzp	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language does juan f. codagnone speak
www.freebase.com/m/03n7gj	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/032qj8	who is the producer of road house 
www.freebase.com/m/0dgy6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l3s3k	Which song has kurt weill written
www.freebase.com/m/0mjfk21	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fb5kcp	which release contained o sole mio?
www.freebase.com/m/04dz2ww	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	Which genre of film is end of the world considered
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01q28qc	which albums were released by a japanese pop-rock band?
www.freebase.com/m/02rqlb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What type of music does kazik na ≈ªywo perform?
www.freebase.com/m/01jr504	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01wx_tx	who was chambers brothers named after
www.freebase.com/m/05p5x99	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	which architectural style is house at 34 benefit street
www.freebase.com/m/09n5t_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h673yj	what is an americana (music) album?
www.freebase.com/m/04lfx6v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position did oleksiy rodevych play
www.freebase.com/m/01d36y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what genre of music does edwin starr compose?
www.freebase.com/m/01jngf0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	whats the release type of the album 1916
www.freebase.com/m/01q8wb7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What kind of album is dil vil pyar vyar
www.freebase.com/m/01ydtg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p8z2t	Name an album from the spoken word genre
www.freebase.com/m/04jxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02ctzb	what ethnicity is ludwig mies van der rohe 
www.freebase.com/m/0bdvtyp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is lennart sj√∂gren male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/0330hgv	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what region is the music irodori released in?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kb12d	whats the name of a studio album
www.freebase.com/m/0mwkp	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0_3rr	which village is located in luzerne county
www.freebase.com/m/07t31	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_body/component_bodies	www.freebase.com/m/0b3wk	What is a component body of united states congress
www.freebase.com/m/0320gtj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014z1tg	name a track off of peer pressure
www.freebase.com/m/0dgktjm	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0m76b	who is the producer of sweet revenge
www.freebase.com/m/06bhwh	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0cqrrm	what is an instrumental song by jim fuller
www.freebase.com/m/0n_0v	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0ctljm	Name a location within cherokee county
www.freebase.com/m/08xk2w	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02x24mj	Who wrote thin ice?
www.freebase.com/m/03ccscd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of just for love
www.freebase.com/m/0nddbg3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language was matriarche in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrpwg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of hytrin
www.freebase.com/m/0brpsm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what type of film is the battle of shaker heights
www.freebase.com/m/09l65	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01s9lq0	what's the name of a singer from ireland
www.freebase.com/m/0c3kj0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0cgm9	who was involved in the  moldavian‚Äìottoman wars 
www.freebase.com/m/0q5zt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is lineville in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjpr7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/02hlg20	what version is nba street v3
www.freebase.com/m/02blr4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/094f4n	What title is frankenstein monster in
www.freebase.com/m/014s2k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p9pcn	what is a song by the ataris
www.freebase.com/m/02pnvhb	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0rprv0q	who did the cinematography of battle angel ova
www.freebase.com/m/0gm70t	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is castel san pietro romano located in
www.freebase.com/m/0xkd3lt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07q3s	where was alberto de la rocha's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/026mr39	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was simon regan born
www.freebase.com/m/04d3p68	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country is continuum released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rhnyh	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	What position does bert haas play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07htcz	Which college is located in victoria (australia)
www.freebase.com/m/01wnbp_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what genre of music does joan kennedy make
www.freebase.com/m/0274ck	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03fpx	What kind of music does devin townsend make
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cry88h	what is the title of a spanish language netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/09pkhd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in the dawn rider
www.freebase.com/m/04z_6l2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in s club search
www.freebase.com/m/0b0z17	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_network/areas_served	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	where can you watch kro
www.freebase.com/m/01scs_3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0yfvf	what is the origin city of band applejaxx
www.freebase.com/m/0jxq4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/person_in_fiction/representations_in_fiction	www.freebase.com/m/0jxq4	how is telemachus represented in fiction
www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/08ms0d	what film's subject is madonna
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxm94	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is the nationality of  poldo bendandi
www.freebase.com/m/0q74c	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03f298	who was born in gadsden
www.freebase.com/m/06y8v	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02nzw	who is someone that walter scott had an influence on
www.freebase.com/m/05qgrcp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0dz4n	Who was the author that wrote ghor, kin-slayer
www.freebase.com/m/04w2x97	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	what's one of the subjects in fragments of a poetics of fire
www.freebase.com/m/01509d	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_jf_m3	What lyrics did emily dickinson write?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0600	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what genre is the castle of purity on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0dmsw35	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fglpr	What was the release for the recording mtv?
www.freebase.com/m/010zsy	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is stanley in
www.freebase.com/m/0gtl4c6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what is the best way to describe summer of love
www.freebase.com/m/059j2	www.freebase.com/biology/breed_origin/breeds_originating_here	www.freebase.com/m/01_v4p	what chicken is from the netherlands
www.freebase.com/m/027xq32	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	what type of mountain is quilotoa
www.freebase.com/m/0_hggdq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0_hgft6	which series is the episode jennifer hudson on
www.freebase.com/m/09_3py	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What kind of netflix film is my bloody valentine?
www.freebase.com/m/02pn6nx	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zbjd6j	What is a work written by warren leight
www.freebase.com/m/0f1hr	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03mrjl	what is the name of the German essayist
www.freebase.com/m/01w36yx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dnq9tt	what track is by the artist muddy waters?
www.freebase.com/m/078_l	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/044js	who is a person that was involved in sino-indian war
www.freebase.com/m/02nlhc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was the original written language of the adventures of sherlock holmes
www.freebase.com/m/01lpf4m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0nk3g	What type of music does the dells make?
www.freebase.com/m/04cc2lp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music is tomorrows bad seeds
www.freebase.com/m/04sr_4	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05k88	je tsongkhapa  was influenced by what Buddhist philosopher 
www.freebase.com/m/04wysy	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/09s02	What language do dalit people speak?
www.freebase.com/m/07067f	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/07hn5	what competition is the 1997 tour de france part of
www.freebase.com/m/0h16p08	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02mgp	What scientific subject is mr. pishs woodland adventure written about
www.freebase.com/m/0l0r9w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01mz41	Who is the lyricist from  heaven beside you
www.freebase.com/m/01r11nx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ld0vl	Which artist recorded the year of the iguana?
www.freebase.com/m/04q30z6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0508w_	Who developed mobile suit gundam: gundam vs. gundam next?
www.freebase.com/m/0br6ss	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/03815c	What sector does the university of melbourne student union operate within
www.freebase.com/m/0dzz6g	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	What is the film format of american splendor?
www.freebase.com/m/07y2ml	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	What are the school colors of booker t. washington high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0hrhg6j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	where did por ella soy eva originate 
www.freebase.com/m/044vbk	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	Which instrument does brooks wackerman play
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p9660	What is the name of an indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/025yknk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	thresholds was released in what format?
www.freebase.com/m/0g25tl5	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/028m69	what is an album made by bob dylan
www.freebase.com/m/07bhdt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is rio salado community college in
www.freebase.com/m/07j_kdt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02pkp8m	what tv series contains tanzania
www.freebase.com/m/02lv24	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	where in the united states did edmund bailey o'callaghan die?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0521njs	Name a goalkeeper in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0303bgb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kktfyt	what's one of the songs on the power rock release
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpkln	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what color is the pramipexole dihydrochloride 1 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01mfrf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03fpx	What is the genre of music made by the band skinless
www.freebase.com/m/03c38hm	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0k5yr	who was the cinematographer of the film a feud in the kentucky hills
www.freebase.com/m/0202tr	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0b42l_	what organization was founded by lin carter
www.freebase.com/m/0qscdyd	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/05npqn	what is the building function of theatre cedar rapids
www.freebase.com/m/01wmjkb	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0gy2s6	Who works has steven tyler composed
www.freebase.com/m/049rf5m	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre is hawthorne, ca: birthplace of a musical legacy
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsdz7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/04rs40	what is the active ingredient in vicks vaposyrup
www.freebase.com/m/03d05rj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4lw	What type of genre is the blue umbrella filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03whn1_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	donny baldwin is best known for what kind of music
www.freebase.com/m/094y3b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	what is the origin of the artist the dramatics
www.freebase.com/m/02r8t5	www.freebase.com/user/mcstrother/default_domain/human_pathogenic_microbe/sources_of_exposure	www.freebase.com/m/015p6	how can campylobacter jejuni be transferred 
www.freebase.com/m/03pnl6	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/01gkcc	what can guaifenesin be used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05c2r8j	What is an example of a heavy metal album?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9x9tp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	is essex chanel classical or experimental rock
www.freebase.com/m/0rh8h2f	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	the language is in the film tokyo giants
www.freebase.com/m/04_0y25	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/05wj0k	who published chuck rock ii: son of chuck
www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gr_ts	Who is a person that was born in brooklyn
www.freebase.com/m/0j6ppyt	www.freebase.com/automotive/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/05wd2g	What would you call a daewoo model s?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvglx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What netflix genre does the forest belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03cfxtx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is center township in
www.freebase.com/m/0cb2r	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/06_rf9	professor albus dumbledore is a character that appears in what book?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkbp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Gerardus Mercator?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwjbg_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what type of music is featured in destroyer of the void
www.freebase.com/m/02wwwjx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what type of film is telstar: the joe meek story?
www.freebase.com/m/046p9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	which record label is jamiroquai signed to
www.freebase.com/m/03bzbdf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was used for the book lost light
www.freebase.com/m/01ggm	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zj0vf0	What is the name of a composition by blind lemon jefferson
www.freebase.com/m/0j786sc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/054698	Who was the lyricist on the song betty lonely
www.freebase.com/m/0d8yjh	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01_9c1	what position did david gibson play
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c6v8r	What is an example of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0gy2ft	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what is the genre of sleeping car to trieste?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcywz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d6gr	which subject is the book transcribing and editing oral history in?
www.freebase.com/m/01r74ny	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	What was Reginaldo Rossi's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/01m4w4	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/04v42k	what genetic disorder has malnutrition as a symptom 
www.freebase.com/m/0cp0pk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0135k2	what was the death location of walter behrendt
www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08yn9k	who was born in scotland
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0ncj8	which city is located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/02z03xs	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the racehorse kris kin from
www.freebase.com/m/080kw8m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c_v2	what types of movie is phobia 2 in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0329c9w	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was the quiet zone released in
www.freebase.com/m/025t7ly	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/places_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/0f2qp8	Where should religious society of friends worship
www.freebase.com/m/0f58925	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fh__r	Which release was north carolina recorded on?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwgg48	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what kind of music does suzana petriƒçeviƒá make?
www.freebase.com/m/02phs31	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position did giacomo losi play in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/016tw3	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/01ss20	whats the title of a film whose production company is  universal studios
www.freebase.com/m/03r576s	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qjc	what types of art contains kung fu action theatre: audio action adventures!
www.freebase.com/m/0d8qf_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is glenn wilson's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03qnyh2	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0402mg	which locates battle of gela
www.freebase.com/m/0k3lz58	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of shauna mullin
www.freebase.com/m/0fx6qw7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ms8wh7	what is a song on the boston live album
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/02qckc	What river is partially in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs6ly0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of art is performed by chris berens
www.freebase.com/m/052zfk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is Suzy Elkins' nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02blr4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/06vwp4	what film can be found in the frankenstein monster netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/0f2d160	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/063tn	Who wrote the album tchaikovsky, poetry & passion
www.freebase.com/m/05n3l7	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04p66mz	who produced alpha dog
www.freebase.com/m/0cfqwn	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0dlv0	Where was distance education council founded in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dc284	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23c5	what type of movie is the ultimate gift
www.freebase.com/m/0g2pbdd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0my4c7l	what is a track from the release follow your heart
www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w4h9x	what is a novel written by simon hawke
www.freebase.com/m/0b91p6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01323p	What band made hungry like the wolf
www.freebase.com/m/0kyyq2x	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What genre is the video game hard truck apocalypse: rise of the clans
www.freebase.com/m/0f3wkl5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mfx9y9	Name of the songs included in the solitude standing album.
www.freebase.com/m/05z269h	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what type of medium is a burro on the patio on 
www.freebase.com/m/0fb6hgv	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/014c40	who produced the ghost of cain
www.freebase.com/m/06p2q5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k80c	what is the genre of the videogame earth 2160
www.freebase.com/m/04wgkdk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09xq9d	what is if p, then q about
www.freebase.com/m/049fzqk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what is the genre of the artist urban tales
www.freebase.com/m/0vgw2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v96ptk	What tv/film director was born in gij√≥n?
www.freebase.com/m/02z1v1d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is grady adkins's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3px2w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	which subject is the book baby-sitting is a dangerous job in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gddmk	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02j_j0	What is an organization that was founded by sarah radclyffe
www.freebase.com/m/020q0f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r15k	where did jonathan brandis die 
www.freebase.com/m/0bbxddb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is gherman p√¢ntea most known for in politics?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026zj14	Name a person born in California.
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h_9xr	what is a compilation album by dolly parton?
www.freebase.com/m/0frm5wp	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is a crooked road released in?
www.freebase.com/m/017pv3h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kzwns3	what songs are on stay?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjc4v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does jon stevenson play
www.freebase.com/m/02ppjbn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hmlyh	What video game did ea uk develop?
www.freebase.com/m/05f8kv2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0vp5f	what is the place of birth for  charleston hughes
www.freebase.com/m/0_8gb5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the sex of ellie rowsell?
www.freebase.com/m/0pxyg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wt2q5r	what's one song that j. j. johnson produce
www.freebase.com/m/01kxd5d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music is on feels so good?
www.freebase.com/m/0ctrp	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/03v2c3	What is an example of sport utility vehicle?
www.freebase.com/m/02m8fr	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0fszwvk	which tracks did atb engineer
www.freebase.com/m/07fm_k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the film the killing of a chinese bookie in
www.freebase.com/m/0gd73y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/0gd73y	What campus does indiana university hospital use
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crrnj5	What is the name of a family film
www.freebase.com/m/03d6fyn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/040l3g	what games have been published by activision blizzard
www.freebase.com/m/03dtglr	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what genre is straight no chaser - a jazz show 
www.freebase.com/m/01sbxsm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music does michael stanley play?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3w4d6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09tbrg	Which artist recorded black dog
www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/07czvc	Name a sitcom.
www.freebase.com/m/014l6l	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03fpg	what type of show is jeopardy
www.freebase.com/m/039vj57	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	in what region was moontower released
www.freebase.com/m/01gznn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cx305	Whats the name of a lake thats in glacier national park (u.s.)
www.freebase.com/m/09wcjt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is eddie lawrence's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01msw5	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0dpcj3	what person is sinti?
www.freebase.com/m/03jfd0d	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is freedom: a history of us an album or other
www.freebase.com/m/04nbq1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is sharon lewis's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/07bwjk	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01jl60	who directed tenacious d in the pick of destiny
www.freebase.com/m/06dr9	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/05wh0sh	who is the founder of red army
www.freebase.com/m/049dpf	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/breed_of	www.freebase.com/m/01yrx	what is ojos azules
www.freebase.com/m/0brjnd	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04hsn6	who directed the film i saw what you did?
www.freebase.com/m/0446j57	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/period_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/0194x	What period did the artwork still life with a boy blowing soap-bubbles occur
www.freebase.com/m/0mvl0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h76fz	what was the battle of tippecanoe 
www.freebase.com/m/03d07bb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/02_js1	What is the game series of fifa street 3
www.freebase.com/m/0cchl0x	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is for all time filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03kqyy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	what are the colors of the university of puerto rico at utuado
www.freebase.com/m/019xfl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01xbgx	Where is angkor wat?
www.freebase.com/m/0498lp	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wccs2	what book is written by susan choi?
www.freebase.com/m/05c0wt1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	What nationality is felix halfon
www.freebase.com/m/049g893	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0nbcg	What is the profession of alan paul?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn9krk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0999q	what language is thiruvambadi thamban in?
www.freebase.com/m/01xc5b	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrrhf	what is the active ingredient of formulation in digoxin 
www.freebase.com/m/02z3cpf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which position in football does michael galea play as?
www.freebase.com/m/0bghnpq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what's the broadest genre description of 7 virgins
www.freebase.com/m/0s0_n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is carey in 
www.freebase.com/m/02ll5h	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_issue/characters_on_cover	www.freebase.com/m/057fvd	what character is shown on the cover of tintin in the land of the soviets
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtc3y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of sodium sulfacetamide and sulfur 0.05 kit?
www.freebase.com/m/0d6ngp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01g3xk8	what albums are by steve lawler?
www.freebase.com/m/03yzr1j	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the jacksons story released on
www.freebase.com/m/0j7l1cg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what nationality is stephen roberts?
www.freebase.com/m/0155w	www.freebase.com/music/genre/subgenre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what is a subgenre of blues music
www.freebase.com/m/04w5znf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	whats the book a dream deferred about
www.freebase.com/m/01z_c7	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02c4s	who is  mount wellington (tasmania) named after
www.freebase.com/m/011fwj	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	What time zone is etna in
www.freebase.com/m/039jvtd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pk4p3	Name a track on artifakt
www.freebase.com/m/0lxvj98	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where in california was hilda stone's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/02rgczp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is john twiggs myers from
www.freebase.com/m/09qpxm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	what genre is the long goodbye (film)
www.freebase.com/m/07f6st9	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/mentions	www.freebase.com/m/01vswx5	what is a review featured on review of it might get loud at www.npr.org
www.freebase.com/m/076q0kb	www.freebase.com/education/school/highest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_90	What is the highest grade taught at johnnie cochran, jr., middle school
www.freebase.com/m/07_psw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nzl9_	What is charlie bird known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/0yb0mg2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/047vq5	which artist released i can make you feel good: the best of shalamar
www.freebase.com/m/0f2rr4h	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mff9_9	which tracks are released in praises to the war machine?
www.freebase.com/m/0nczk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07s4_sz	who was a famous cricketeer born in woolwich
www.freebase.com/m/0bwj3n	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06873k3	what is a book written by douglas kirkland
www.freebase.com/m/0c1tmty	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01d3j7	Who is the author for the story of my life?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5mlg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	who discovered 2932 kempchinsky?
www.freebase.com/m/0swhj	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03v40v	who is the director for a charlie brown christmas
www.freebase.com/m/03z69wx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	what kind of album is 45:33?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjdx9z	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	Where was bully featured?
www.freebase.com/m/02w3lch	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	which universe is captain barracuda from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0416srm	what is a western (genre) on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0222cx	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/02hvs8r	what type of aircraft is the convair b-36 peacemaker
www.freebase.com/m/07c6l	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01k_0fp	Who is known as a trombone instrumentalist
www.freebase.com/m/0ttnqz8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0qbb6w7	twilight is the release track from what recording
www.freebase.com/m/03hzrls	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does soko perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_support/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/05lmmyx	what artwork is on canvas?
www.freebase.com/m/0crx48k	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which language is spoken in aamras
www.freebase.com/m/035_804	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/013dt21	what song is from the release living tomorrow today: a benefit for ty cambra
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09snbs	what villages are in the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03qjm5s	what is the name of the star in the cluster NGC 4755
www.freebase.com/m/02btglt	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	where does the license for purandara lie?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/07k40sv	who plays as a football forward
www.freebase.com/m/04j2x5m	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03nlq7	who directed the film cows
www.freebase.com/m/031vsq9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0t78k5	What is a track on vengeance is mine
www.freebase.com/m/0crrn5_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of film is vampire junction?
www.freebase.com/m/02vw_wp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gb_gc	what type of broadcast does deryl dodd do?
www.freebase.com/m/0dr1j3g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vfnqg	who recorded a version of the song senseless
www.freebase.com/m/07kdx23	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	which country was iwi hauraki born in
www.freebase.com/m/0t89h9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_6838f	what is the single off fever called
www.freebase.com/m/0h7p_5h	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does eufemio cabral play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0ch3wbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender does oliver stanley murs identify as
www.freebase.com/m/03v5x0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0gdxdq0	what songs are by amonamarth?
www.freebase.com/m/03663j	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzcfgg	What province is imbabura?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmcpty	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position does lou vedder play
www.freebase.com/m/02ch92	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/bridges	www.freebase.com/m/0bwm5km	Which bridge is on the schuylkill river?
www.freebase.com/m/0mxrk	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is ottawa county in 
www.freebase.com/m/03g77_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is james pickles originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0pd8bxb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rng	which city was john souttar born
www.freebase.com/m/0y49bcg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/092xqy	what island is in fiji time zone
www.freebase.com/m/03y5b1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of romeo munoz cachola
www.freebase.com/m/0nddknv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what category of film is mondays at racine
www.freebase.com/m/0xh9v	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is lock springs in
www.freebase.com/m/09rcwd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was running scared filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04v5_5g	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what is the binding of rogue squadron (star wars: x-wing series, book 1)
www.freebase.com/m/0zl24c1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is segue: algeria touchshriek 
www.freebase.com/m/02_9vp	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_listing/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/03csc9z	which mountain is in adirondack high peaks
www.freebase.com/m/037bl8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What gameplay mode is starsiege?
www.freebase.com/m/04mdzq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtjf8	What's a medicine that uses cefalexin
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/053hb_v	 what is the tittle of a compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson
www.freebase.com/m/01jwk6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jean-jacques challet-venel's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07k41y2	what is a black-and-white film
www.freebase.com/m/0hz28	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0bbw47z	Name a famous publisher from Boston
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0gp7gz	what is a public school (government funded)?
www.freebase.com/m/019wlg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02psqkz	Where is alberto sordi from
www.freebase.com/m/03y77n5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where is 4728 lyapidevskij found 
www.freebase.com/m/02jmqb	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/02jmqb	which campuses are located in mountain view college?
www.freebase.com/m/0zj8f42	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is bricks and mortar in?
www.freebase.com/m/08nz32	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is  tonga 
www.freebase.com/m/0462_9s	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what is ivan rusev's football position
www.freebase.com/m/076s_cj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was david steven's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0140xf	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03d22rz	who is an artist is known for christmas music
www.freebase.com/m/02qvz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtn8b	What is the active ingredient in ethanol?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jg4f6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language was the piece do i wait composed
www.freebase.com/m/03cffj5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language is the composition love scene?
www.freebase.com/m/05t0n0p	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03ts0c	What ethnicity is eliette ab√©cassis
www.freebase.com/m/0g3vq7y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/013bvt3	What is a track on the album the very best of
www.freebase.com/m/0x0jrhh	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hv44_	What is the profession of joel jeske
www.freebase.com/m/0h3lq68	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the good bad man from
www.freebase.com/m/06_c557	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0bdgp	what is the architectural style of old indianapolis city hall
www.freebase.com/m/02981w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dlv0	Where was arun jaitley born?
www.freebase.com/m/0ln103	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01n_v5	who was the producer of the song in your room
www.freebase.com/m/035zs8f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01b6ypn	what is a track off the east to west album
www.freebase.com/m/02qdcnz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	How did joe murphy die
www.freebase.com/m/0x0bb04	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0x0bb14	What's an episode from the show railway adventures across australia - season 1
www.freebase.com/m/0fwb0c7	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was blues from the soul released on
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtgrl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is lidocaine hydrochloride 100 injection
www.freebase.com/m/02zbhnj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of school is durham high school?
www.freebase.com/m/01l9mn9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what kind of music is on fade to grey: the best of visage?
www.freebase.com/m/04pwf4r	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	What type of media is lemon
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hr91h9	what's a musical film from pakistan
www.freebase.com/m/021j72	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What work is raj kapoor known for
www.freebase.com/m/0h3bn	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01mxll	Who is a person whose caused of death was dysentery?
www.freebase.com/m/02vxtqc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pfn9p	Who recorded infectious?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvbhl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	where was ando volando bajo filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/04w696t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	what is the subject of the work titled  the living word of god
www.freebase.com/m/02rq19v	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xn1h6	which books were published by carcanet press?
www.freebase.com/m/027yk9t	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	What language is spoken in the film appointment with happiness
www.freebase.com/m/027jtly	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/02ppk8k	what is something named after john f. lacey
www.freebase.com/m/04j1m7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was island prey filmed
www.freebase.com/m/01l6jsd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the content type of pinheads on the move?
www.freebase.com/m/0j6pymz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016fly	What profession does Gladys Ellen Hunt have?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_324	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is the fictional character ghoul male of female?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrlh	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01t7st3	which jazz musician plays electric violin
www.freebase.com/m/0crvh6q	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where did the film my father the genius originate?
www.freebase.com/m/0c60v8	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/02519_	What type of lake is Cuicocha?
www.freebase.com/m/01p4f8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0cn68	what is the ethnicity of eric shinseki
www.freebase.com/m/02qbwrq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	pearls iii is of what musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/08whcv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what type of music does blues for allah play
www.freebase.com/m/0cz_ym	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/09tkvvb	who designed the costumes for american gangster (film)
www.freebase.com/m/02hxx3d	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/01nln	what country speaks bamun language?
www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03qpk70	What is a book that deals with the subject of asia
www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0p7gpk8	what is the name of a producer from detroit
www.freebase.com/m/0524j46	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	what position did baseball player dick hahn play
www.freebase.com/m/0jwc31	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/07j__3	to what film did stephen edwards contribute music
www.freebase.com/m/03gbr8z	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0mgcr	which artist released 181-buzz?
www.freebase.com/m/0489b7_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	wat country is korbel located in 
www.freebase.com/m/025mw9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is john mcdonnell's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06161j	Name an action/adventure film
www.freebase.com/m/014zv52	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0ft42mg	What's the original version of mecca
www.freebase.com/m/03mfyv5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre of music does ian keaggy play?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7nd	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0hz5bd3	what is a film directed by michel gondry
www.freebase.com/m/0crhr1p	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0xn42tz	Which film did filipa c√©sar direct?
www.freebase.com/m/083p6f	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/06vwc2	What example of a supermini car was made by a Malaysian carmaker?
www.freebase.com/m/02xgqp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country does chris cannon declare nationality
www.freebase.com/m/043s85b	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	What war did abraham bowman take part in
www.freebase.com/m/04vvlw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is zig ziglar from?
www.freebase.com/m/01h8t4c	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02xp9	who released the album complete edition sampler
www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0k66dl	who died of heart failure?
www.freebase.com/m/01mh05w	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album would the best of delaney & bonnie be considered
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtjxx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05q1y	what is the active ingredient moieties in oxycodone and acetaminophen
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k2yn3	What is the name of a post-punk album?
www.freebase.com/m/01d188	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g7d	What's the topic of the moonstone
www.freebase.com/m/0k8jdd2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02y5kn	what is mar√≠a fernanda sesto's profession
www.freebase.com/m/033r5w	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0k0w	which language group does karaim language come from
www.freebase.com/m/042kmv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbwdm	what radio station features dick haymes
www.freebase.com/m/020ntr	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0w97268	who is clyde drexler's father
www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02y21l	whats madonna's record label
www.freebase.com/m/0zbcz3j	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/performed_at	www.freebase.com/m/08v0fj	Where was the theater production legally blonde performed?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8x1t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is  william arthur cochrane
www.freebase.com/m/03d96my	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	What killed jack mullaney
www.freebase.com/m/0bwl03v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	What was the place of birth of mahesh thakur
www.freebase.com/m/0ndb180	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of edward a. germann?
www.freebase.com/m/03y29lm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 10981 fransaris orbit around
www.freebase.com/m/0fqqg_x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01f_3w	which label is suga-t signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0290sh6	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/01d188	What is a book with the subject literary?
www.freebase.com/m/08tsns	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is assassins
www.freebase.com/m/038k71	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is the notable type of frank belknap long
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01m8qzs	who is an artist who performs folk music
www.freebase.com/m/05hwqp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre of music is steve hewitt?
www.freebase.com/m/03jjlb4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What sort of music is on the complete guitarist
www.freebase.com/m/0c73z	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0g4fldg	Name a composition by franz schubert.
www.freebase.com/m/02hm0jv	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02qdyj	what company released open season
www.freebase.com/m/0l_2r1v	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fbdzxw	Which recording is on the track forrest gump?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxq3fp	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the essential bruce springsteen released in?
www.freebase.com/m/030_5hb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/015xvv9	what is the release track on winter songs
www.freebase.com/m/017gmr	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02sdx	who did joseph fourier influence 
www.freebase.com/m/0w33dvq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ggh3	what city is new town found in
www.freebase.com/m/03582r	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/06f32	what country does  taoyuan county serve
www.freebase.com/m/01lmkqc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what is the genre of trout fishing in america's work
www.freebase.com/m/027y0g_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/026fys3	who created the program named  hellholes
www.freebase.com/m/04t1jb1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02nlgn	who authored ivor the invisible
www.freebase.com/m/01ry_x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What kind of movie is the little mermaid?
www.freebase.com/m/02ctrh	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/029g2g	what are the names of medical schools
www.freebase.com/m/01sqv58	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is live at the jazz bakery
www.freebase.com/m/02vwvh1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is santa maria presso san celso in
www.freebase.com/m/0crs9v4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fdjb	What genre does the film bram stoker's dracula's guest belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0h2szzm	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03f55lw	who directed the film your pretty face is going to hell?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlhff7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the home front in?
www.freebase.com/m/01p86fl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/035wcs	what kind of artist is fiocco
www.freebase.com/m/03g10cp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	what kind of album is whiskey before breakfast
www.freebase.com/m/0hhtnfw	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which position is played by mackroy peixote
www.freebase.com/m/064klp6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m7d0	What county is eqt plaza in?
www.freebase.com/m/090914	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0h0vk	what art period is  zhang huan apart of 
www.freebase.com/m/010jsg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mphc	which county can braintree be found 
www.freebase.com/m/0fd74l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is ted bulley's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04j29w5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country did the film shark zone take place in
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0k0q7bn	which male singer died from a car accident?
www.freebase.com/m/05h78p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/043sh2q	which chinese footballer was born in zibo
www.freebase.com/m/03tvrh	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlqh9	which 2007 game did massive entertainment developed?
www.freebase.com/m/03f6h9r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0np101p	Name a track by little louie vega. 
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ptkqs	Name a notable rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09rlnyq	What is a western film?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtlf4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	What kind of movie is ek se mera kya hoga?
www.freebase.com/m/04fw8yd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is michel temer's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01_wfj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03jh1tb	Who is the artist for porcupine tree?
www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0gvlb0	what game is a strategy video game?
www.freebase.com/m/0h94h5z	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does the asteroid (23794) 1998 qg29 go around
www.freebase.com/m/0dtgrw1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	which artist recorded feed the birds
www.freebase.com/m/01wyhf	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0g72r	who was an influence for du fu 
www.freebase.com/m/01gchw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0xncq15	which actor was born in  debrecen
www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05bqr16	what book is about sociology?
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01pkp67	Name an artist from the post-punk genre
www.freebase.com/m/0h0054b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What was andrew legge's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0m2rlq0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03jc5yw	what is a track in the boston album
www.freebase.com/m/0w_1j4m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	where is the location of upper ford hill?
www.freebase.com/m/0b73wst	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m91	What type of film is step up?
www.freebase.com/m/03y73j1	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	What was the discovery site of 3000 leonardo
www.freebase.com/m/0l2jt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0279j1d	which state park is located in mendocino county, california
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkltj	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/04sg5	What flavor is peptic relief 262 suspension?
www.freebase.com/m/058w5	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/07nv9c	what book is about michelangelo 
www.freebase.com/m/0cgmf2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is spoken in gloria
www.freebase.com/m/07p4yw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in ring of bright water
www.freebase.com/m/028301j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0d422	who wrote the book about moomin, mymble and little my?
www.freebase.com/m/0wsyks1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tg36f	who was the artist that put out the album in time
www.freebase.com/m/01vf2vz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q8d8pw	what is a track done by the artist barney bigard 
www.freebase.com/m/08s2l9	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/01v8rm	What type of mountain is lars christensen peak
www.freebase.com/m/03y60hz	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of celestial object is 1631 kopff
www.freebase.com/m/0dyb1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22tt	what type of netflix genre is toy story?
www.freebase.com/m/04hy37	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/04hy37	What campus contains stevenson university
www.freebase.com/m/0hprsjs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where in california did helen howard die?
www.freebase.com/m/02rytdv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what did larry gilbert do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/027j112	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/technique	www.freebase.com/m/032_j3	What is a technique used by nick warren?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hv3d1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01f9zw	who composed in my heart
www.freebase.com/m/0_1jg84	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language does zi zhongyun master?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlvrq	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/06cw87	whats the original game of the version  the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring
www.freebase.com/m/04vgn69	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/02kz_	who wrote the garden of eden 
www.freebase.com/m/01nz40f	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy9_	which musician composed andrews sisters meet bing crosby
www.freebase.com/m/076xbv8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where did frigyes holl√≥si die?
www.freebase.com/m/0w4mrfp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of tyshon pickett 
www.freebase.com/m/05f3x97	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what is gabriel √Ålvez's position 
www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0vn_fy8	who's a famous person from st. louis
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsb18	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02m4r3	what is the active ingredient in benzocaine 0.075 swab
www.freebase.com/m/02dd1v	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01ljm6	what genre is the videogame 1942
www.freebase.com/m/0hl94	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/052h3	Who was influenced by hugo grotius
www.freebase.com/m/0dg0lv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is in feed?
www.freebase.com/m/0xwl1d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0355d_0	what is a release on the recording santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/0fpy4lj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where was georg malcovati born
www.freebase.com/m/048wy0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	where is waring located?
www.freebase.com/m/09gm5q3	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does football player guy ngosso play 
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bx_8_h	whats the title of horror film
www.freebase.com/m/09tf325	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country did the scorpio letters come from
www.freebase.com/m/023t0q	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02841c5	Which film was abbas kiarostami the editor for?
www.freebase.com/m/0fl07bl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what genre of music is just gets better with time?
www.freebase.com/m/08mcmx	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/0kyn1t9	what game is published by artix entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/07ycwy	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/080h2	What metro area does ckzz-fm serve
www.freebase.com/m/07qj2k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0hb3r	who wrote the novel eleven minutes
www.freebase.com/m/05224x9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was spoken in the film bully for pink?
www.freebase.com/m/028575s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01npz5f	which artist made the album 3.2.1 
www.freebase.com/m/034t5sq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l6ldb8	What is the second track of love is the devil?
www.freebase.com/m/02lzy0	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/015rjm	what game is a massively multiplayer online game?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsmnh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	how is antibacterial sparkling mist classified
www.freebase.com/m/0jymw4s	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what film is hemp revolution from?
www.freebase.com/m/02w31_k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	where is the kuopio cathedral located?
www.freebase.com/m/0j12fb6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ahn kwon-tae's sex
www.freebase.com/m/01l0whw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is singles
www.freebase.com/m/01vx2h	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0h7mxpk	What's a company that specializes in visual effects
www.freebase.com/m/01q4c2	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/01ts9r	What is gimpo international airport a hub for?
www.freebase.com/m/0zwg9zc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the film buddhas little finger
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h2m837	whats the title of a short film
www.freebase.com/m/04t1f8y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05sfs	what is the subject matter written in 6 events
www.freebase.com/m/0dp6c1b	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released for the lions 
www.freebase.com/m/03qky6b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	What is jul kustus's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cdjslv	Who was born in los angeles?
www.freebase.com/m/0498qqr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is chesterfield plaza 
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/026j1gf	whos a heavy metal singer
www.freebase.com/m/031t9l	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01jfclc	who wrote the music for angel heart
www.freebase.com/m/085pgf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	WHat kind of game is tank battalion
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/061sy_	Who plays piano?
www.freebase.com/m/06ysj9d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0k33rnb	what is an episode of bargain hunt - season 22 called
www.freebase.com/m/0ffrtm7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fnfn6q	In which album is tomorrow featured on
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0c3zt0c	The solar system contains what planetary system?
www.freebase.com/m/01s0q3x	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dng2v4	which tracks did matthew herbert produce 
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0279j00	whats the name of science and technology public university
www.freebase.com/m/03y8bt9	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position is frank funk
www.freebase.com/m/076zpc4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/015jsm	where was igor kornelyuk born in?
www.freebase.com/m/073l3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs9xz	what formulation is a form of solution?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxdk4r	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	which country was ji-na kim born in
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/080gtpy	who is a football player that played defender?
www.freebase.com/m/0238_xj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What type of film is the longest night?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwc3wp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mgy_s	which tracks are listed in the album timeless?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01g9mk0	what's the title of an album released in 2001
www.freebase.com/m/0v10rcf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is frances weintraub lax's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmd52j	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0sjqm	where did thomas griffin pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0dndd3y	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	volume - the best of was what type of album?
www.freebase.com/m/0fybyv0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	Which artist recorded like a rolling stone
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0f5f6l	What would an example of a planetary system be in the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg5l__	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	Which position did tom patton used to play?
www.freebase.com/m/02r4s5	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05f82_q	what film is directed by jonas mekas?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddky	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_system/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/099yzp	name of the eighth busiest line on the network of paris metro
www.freebase.com/m/01jnlrq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release is equator
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0xj0x	What city uses the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03yh0mj	what are the names of members of the asteroid belt
www.freebase.com/m/09sk1t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was gregg guenther born in
www.freebase.com/m/04c2gxk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is village of culpeper located 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0r4qktq	what film in from the genre drama?
www.freebase.com/m/058wdw	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colleges_and_universities	www.freebase.com/m/02zd460	In what college can you find pi lambda phi?
www.freebase.com/m/02hwtr3	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/016zwt	What country is kagate language spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/0sgqn5j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is yu luoke?
www.freebase.com/m/0m4y1y	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/04s_wx	who was the sound engineer of the recording the centipede
www.freebase.com/m/02hwt7w	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0345_	Which main country is kaqchikel, south central language spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/07bxll	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Which city was alexandra cassavetes born in
www.freebase.com/m/0h9jm	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vcjry	which book edition was published by william hope hodgson
www.freebase.com/m/01w_08g	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zk8vbh	What is a composition by mark white?
www.freebase.com/m/04t26x7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	What is the subject of the stuff of life
www.freebase.com/m/026c6_6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is eugen steinach male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0gfryr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is mark barnes's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0gbycxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	where was paul jenkins born
www.freebase.com/m/0pzy4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0b9t5_w	What is the university of wisconsin system a notable type of?
www.freebase.com/m/01vs5_p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	where was the birth place of kenji suzuki
www.freebase.com/m/0bvy7n6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What country was estanis gonz√°lez from?
www.freebase.com/m/01j0cjd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/03_r3	which country is heavy d from
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0fwq63	what is a game that has a multiplayer game mode?
www.freebase.com/m/02rr13d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is cesare dandini?
www.freebase.com/m/04b3fq1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ngqm	Where is cessions landing located at?
www.freebase.com/m/03r8gp	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/026y6z7	a filmmaker filmed this subject.
www.freebase.com/m/016qcd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j9nzr	which album did the manic street preachers recorded in 2005?
www.freebase.com/m/02qfyl9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/035dk	In what country does the film jagten p√• k√¶ledyret take place?
www.freebase.com/m/03n49z	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04lf4k5	who is someone born in chhatarpur
www.freebase.com/m/0v4spwp	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of jordan howard?
www.freebase.com/m/01bs5fq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/03bm5q	What's a song from the recording seemann
www.freebase.com/m/0bntty	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/087z2	what caused manuel gayoso de lemos's death
www.freebase.com/m/0417hvd	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/0f_8m5	What school is in the kern high school district?
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05smy8	who is a heavy metal group from canada 
www.freebase.com/m/097fpv	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	What is the color of the bc ≈†ilutƒó basketball team?
www.freebase.com/m/0qprqtt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06f32	what country is ya-che yang from
www.freebase.com/m/04bqvls	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mvpl	Where is spring valley?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22gd	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02gvr_	what is a crime drama film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0bml975	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0bmm3sv	What is the name of an episode in the bill - season 9
www.freebase.com/m/08f7th	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/07vtyjc	what does panthenol help treat
www.freebase.com/m/03p2vx	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pqh8_	what is a 2002 mixtape 
www.freebase.com/m/0cl6l	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/02sw3y	What piece of artwork in Afganistan was made with straw
www.freebase.com/m/038_l	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/07dlbb	Name a character that is a ghost
www.freebase.com/m/03frc0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	where did manuel montt pass away
www.freebase.com/m/01hv24t	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0khy5ft	what is the song from the release raindancing
www.freebase.com/m/0cryr6b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is zorg and andy
www.freebase.com/m/02lt8	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/027khq2	Name a work written by edgar allan poe
www.freebase.com/m/023th8j	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/060x3	which artist released the album buried treasures: recorded live in mexico city
www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/09sfbw2	whats the title of a movie that is classified as a netflix television movie
www.freebase.com/m/0b7qnnl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	which language is in the shadow of the wind in
www.freebase.com/m/04vzyws	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	What city was jpod published in?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04cqxnx	what is the name of a horror remake
www.freebase.com/m/015x5n	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	Which diet is radish compatible with
www.freebase.com/m/0sf9_	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/0cmd5ys	what tourist attraction is in peoria
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxj19	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09969	what was the reason for philippe marchs death
www.freebase.com/m/0b1mf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cgqlsd	Who was born in salzburg?
www.freebase.com/m/06g58b	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_form_shape/drugs_with_this_shape	www.freebase.com/m/0hqn7kz	what is an oval shaped drug
www.freebase.com/m/03558l	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0clcgd	Who is an example of a shooting guard
www.freebase.com/m/0cc8f0f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0p9xd	what type of music can be found on the album chapter one: latin america
www.freebase.com/m/0rrl9f4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hhrqvd	Who is the artist off the album set it off
www.freebase.com/m/02vkml	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what genre is the film pilgrim
www.freebase.com/m/065x6k	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is howard scott's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01nds	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0270sh7	What's a sports game made by capcom
www.freebase.com/m/03hfwx0	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/01pfmb	Which islands were affected by hurricane dennis
www.freebase.com/m/03snj8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What kind of game is kung-fu master?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkrd0c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What kind of movie is the rose and the jackal?
www.freebase.com/m/04ghmjq	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	what kinds of architecture is fox hill school
www.freebase.com/m/0y3rdn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kl544c	What track is the recording tokyo on?
www.freebase.com/m/02wh0	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/06dw3	who was influenced by friedrich nietzsche?
www.freebase.com/m/02qhsxs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What type of film is le saut √† la couverture?
www.freebase.com/m/01wyfrh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0hgns2r	what is an album recorded by ane brun 
www.freebase.com/m/08l6_b	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0p_7w	Who is the artist from the album give me a future
www.freebase.com/m/033ymm0	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	in what format is japan released
www.freebase.com/m/07l5091	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what asian country was once upon a time proletarian shown in 
www.freebase.com/m/06bm2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8wrv	Name a book on the subject of recreation
www.freebase.com/m/01m4s68	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what kind of music is on the album untitled?
www.freebase.com/m/03qckbx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	Which language is the song some boys! touch in
www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04d1l7	Name a novel.
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01whg97	who plays the guitar
www.freebase.com/m/04f_58n	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What sort of film is la conquista dei diamanti
www.freebase.com/m/0bdt3_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what country created the film golden slumber
www.freebase.com/m/0ch17s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is robbie fulks from 
www.freebase.com/m/03gt1h9	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/030jdy	Which city has new zealand state highway 2 as a main road
www.freebase.com/m/01rtp30	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	What type of music does krystal meyers make
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01k1z9	what are some examples of villages in united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0qsmlhf	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	How was reckless released?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8s6k	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/055jct	who was the writer of coven
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02tyzl	who is an artist under columbia records
www.freebase.com/m/0ftsr	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/025s_q_	What disease is included with anxiety disorder
www.freebase.com/m/0fshcc8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0jn5l	who was the artist of the life aquatic (complete score)?
www.freebase.com/m/08g953	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9	who was the author of the crown of dalemark
www.freebase.com/m/0w6rcsc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0wg9xt0	which tv episode is in baggage battles - season 1
www.freebase.com/m/09pgky9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What type of film is apache war smoke
www.freebase.com/m/0f7597	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released a movie called four's a crowd
www.freebase.com/m/0851_3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/012wcl	Where is spaldwick located
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j64lc	What's an album that features dalida
www.freebase.com/m/0mnj9wc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fn4grl	what release is the song hard times on
www.freebase.com/m/0j9k5d5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fztc6	how would you classify the movie thangaikku oru thalattu
www.freebase.com/m/04sv15y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is rebecca neuenschwander
www.freebase.com/m/0nnf3z6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nsmzpn	What song is falkland islands a recording of
www.freebase.com/m/06jcc	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/07vh7m	Name a work written by ray bradbury
www.freebase.com/m/0b3nrz	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03cl5k2	who edited rescue dawn
www.freebase.com/m/02nnss	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02ktc9	What is the name of a child of guru tegh bahadur
www.freebase.com/m/0dlhwk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is date with an angel?
www.freebase.com/m/01n3wf2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of an album is metropaul
www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01p22g8	Name a composer.
www.freebase.com/m/03082	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdytk	What's a book about folklore
www.freebase.com/m/01wr5jg	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	what instrument did carlo farina play 
www.freebase.com/m/02qdxl7	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05ch8k9	what basketball position does demetris nichols play?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8stlh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g8stlf	what is a track on the closer album
www.freebase.com/m/04q72xb	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01kx1j	what entity is leningrad‚Äìnovgorod offensive?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbr26s	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language do characters commentate with in the film in neighboring kingdoms
www.freebase.com/m/0fg116n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01sxd1	who is the artist of the recording free
www.freebase.com/m/01qs42p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k0r0n7	what music genre is axwell
www.freebase.com/m/03wfsy6	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/01qzt1	what is the format of kqzz
www.freebase.com/m/05wh02	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	what was william windom's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/0gppg	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vzw4d	What is a book edition published by anne mccaffrey
www.freebase.com/m/0_lq_k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0krf8rg	what track is part of england
www.freebase.com/m/02vnn3q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what type of rock is fat boost considered
www.freebase.com/m/04q0rrc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	what type of album is black rose dying
www.freebase.com/m/01c4g_	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/05lh2zn	what battle took place at the leyte gulf 
www.freebase.com/m/04xdxs4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	which subject does the work the secret knowledge of grown-ups belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0274kr6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/028r7w	what is the origin of armando manzanero
www.freebase.com/m/012w70	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crsm1c	What is a film that is apart of the netflix genre yue chinese?
www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01jx210	Who would be called a reggae artist
www.freebase.com/m/01pssf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02wbdbz	Who's a footballer that plays for cali
www.freebase.com/m/025t_c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	What was the origin of buddy rich
www.freebase.com/m/01lrdqx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	which genre is the herb alpert's ninth album 
www.freebase.com/m/09ggh97	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	whats that nationality of  mariusz hermanowicz
www.freebase.com/m/0404p_l	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/01jb8r	what kind of language film is agila
www.freebase.com/m/01q2sc0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xg3nb6	what is a track by provision
www.freebase.com/m/0k6js5	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02q5d_y	what is a film by clara markowicz
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrmj_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	what method of administration is benzoyl peroxide wash applied by?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6plr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is the gameplay mode of rowan's battle of britain
www.freebase.com/m/0c3rggz	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0c3rghd	what books have johannes g√∂ransson written?
www.freebase.com/m/01jdj0p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	What genre of album is metamorpheus?
www.freebase.com/m/03ffyl2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lx4r9f	What is a song from hang 11: mutant surf punks?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftvrpt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqpc9v	which tracks were a part of the release catalog 1/14 - 5/12?
www.freebase.com/m/09f792	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0l4h_	what genre is confetti
www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bx62zp	What's a film available under the political drama section on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/09dt7	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/033tf_	What is roger zelazny's background
www.freebase.com/m/043l4xl	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does √Ångel morales play 
www.freebase.com/m/0xqcrkh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01ls2	which country released sem√°foro
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_vpywj	What's an example of a family film
www.freebase.com/m/0j3h21l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music genre is ballad collection ‚Äì special edition 
www.freebase.com/m/0h1dqy5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is novant health prince william medical center in
www.freebase.com/m/09gbpvc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what genre of music is the kylie tapes 94‚Äì98
www.freebase.com/m/04gk1h2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08322	what type of program is seven swordsmen
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m87	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0pmjs	Name a movie title in the drama genre
www.freebase.com/m/03gr3ks	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre of music does the band foxboro hot tubs make
www.freebase.com/m/076wrxx	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/05hyf	which activism is believed by karl m√∂ckel
www.freebase.com/m/03c8yd8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	where can the gala»õ river found
www.freebase.com/m/01pq5cj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	Is take the box an album of a single
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0q3b4rr	What is the name of a famous Thai politician?
www.freebase.com/m/0dm38p4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what is kadar kashmiri's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01z1w1w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l_xc	Which area is Hoonah contained by?
www.freebase.com/m/05gz5	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/iucn_category/protected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/038wk6	what is a protected national park?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs34c3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what film genre is hades project zeorymer: extinction
www.freebase.com/m/02906	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/multipart_episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05z6ml	Name a multipart episode from the program doctor who
www.freebase.com/m/03q2mcf	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/supported_storage_types	www.freebase.com/m/01z76m	what does ricoh caplio r40 use to store photos
www.freebase.com/m/01hcs1s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy3q	Who is the artist behind gold collection?
www.freebase.com/m/0ytm1tf	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w8n89	what artist recorded pumpkin?
www.freebase.com/m/0fyzd9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04vcs6	charles william, duke of saxe-meiningen died where?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg6klr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is jesse jagz known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0411q8p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what's gabriele santini's gender
www.freebase.com/m/09z_bm	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/04yf_	which body of water can be seen from the fort madison toll bridge 
www.freebase.com/m/0c5rzz3	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/04t39qr	what is a book edition of the structure and distribution of coral reefs 
www.freebase.com/m/05yt6jn	www.freebase.com/base/meedan/arabic_language_media_source/country	www.freebase.com/m/01z215	Which country is al riyadh based in
www.freebase.com/m/025g__	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03nxq97	who is a j-pop artist 
www.freebase.com/m/06sdy7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what kind of music can be found on the album under blackpool lights
www.freebase.com/m/0gw0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/024wfh	which tolstoy book is based in anarchism?
www.freebase.com/m/013wwd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0frjbjc	whats the title of a song by  art tatum
www.freebase.com/m/01h95hg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album yanni live! the concert event
www.freebase.com/m/049n5r	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0l12d	Who wrote true stories
www.freebase.com/m/0mpkv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is caledonia county?
www.freebase.com/m/027znfq	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02qly2r	Which film did giuseppe rotunno do the cinematography for
www.freebase.com/m/05q18m5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0czzl	what university press published doctor jekyll and mr.hyde
www.freebase.com/m/0x335	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/03m74qz	what's one of the tourist attractions in missoula, montana
www.freebase.com/m/010l12	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride_type/rides	www.freebase.com/m/0h1h_g	What's a roller coaster at the liseberg amusement park
www.freebase.com/m/026c07d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wphb	where is akinori iwamura from
www.freebase.com/m/03sq9g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01p9_f3	what is an album by richard kiley
www.freebase.com/m/0fl02y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	what is the color of st. john vianney high school
www.freebase.com/m/09g6m61	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01yj2	What is the place of death of Mendel Kaplan?
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/05gt19	Who is a famous african american
www.freebase.com/m/0j_6m65	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what object does (11624) 1996 uf orbit
www.freebase.com/m/08r2d0	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/06nj8s	which symbol was after bartlett laffey
www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/08xk93	Name a professional singer-songwriter
www.freebase.com/m/06z75h7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which languages are spoken in the film gutter?
www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_form_shape/drugs_with_this_shape	www.freebase.com/m/0hqkqn3	what drug tablets are shaped like a circle
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrpkc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/01rml9	what is the formulation of lidocaine hydrochloride 15 injection?
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01r7kgk	which emo albums were released by atlantic records?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3v7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02_j7t	who impacted the work of frankie howerd
www.freebase.com/m/0n34xs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0nk037	what is a recording of believe (mj cole remix)
www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/057xpf	what is a compatible ingredient on a gluten-free diet
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5xkt	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01r0t_j	Who was a producer of the release 12
www.freebase.com/m/090glv	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0522wp	Who produced the movie house of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/01ctxf	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vgr0p	What is one of philippa gregory best-known books?
www.freebase.com/m/0464nx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what genre of video game is pinball illusions
www.freebase.com/m/0869wq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01z82mp	where in arizona did virginia d. smith live the final days of her life
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04d28t_	who plays under the genre of pop music
www.freebase.com/m/04lfmlg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What country is the film sedin dujone from?
www.freebase.com/m/0tfc	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/033mkn	which historian did adam smith influence
www.freebase.com/m/01607l	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vbkdk	What is an edition of middlemarch: a study of provincial life
www.freebase.com/m/0pc6trn	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05k9pg	Who is the father of augusta tigrett?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh8sfd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0999q	what is the language spoken in kumara sambhavam
www.freebase.com/m/09hnb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j03w9	What is an album released by the artist herbie hancock
www.freebase.com/m/01wqpnm	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_62fdv	what songs have billy idol written lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_308	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is james twining
www.freebase.com/m/02qy_40	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ftvg	where did warren white pass away
www.freebase.com/m/02pkqm7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is a gameplay mode featured on lego creator: knights' kingdom 
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h3mcr9	which album is death metal
www.freebase.com/m/01mmg3w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0193f	what kind of music does fc kahuna sing?
www.freebase.com/m/0fp_c1h	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what kind of composition is the bottle let me down
www.freebase.com/m/020skl0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/068p2	which city is homestead found is 
www.freebase.com/m/03m9m7c	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k424	where was joseph ryelandt born
www.freebase.com/m/09cyrb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h65n3	what is a legal nurse consultant
www.freebase.com/m/0gwqhhn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	avatar 3 is in what language 
www.freebase.com/m/05dk0tk	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	What is life goes on
www.freebase.com/m/03lftr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What sex is √âder jofre?
www.freebase.com/m/0z2n917	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is glenn davis's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtl7g6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the film the way
www.freebase.com/m/01v43fl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0drtj3z	What is a track from the artist  regulator watts
www.freebase.com/m/0cgt6p3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	what state was jane allen born in
www.freebase.com/m/04w275s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what subject does the creation of the world or globalization talk about
www.freebase.com/m/03hlsnv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	What is the genre of the film "what! no beer?"?
www.freebase.com/m/01y46r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is john elliott's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01jrz5j	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02pv8mm	what song did cy coleman compose
www.freebase.com/m/0mm9tdg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fkczjk	The release track remember me is from what body of work
www.freebase.com/m/03y58xc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Where is the 4562 kahnia star system located?
www.freebase.com/m/0vrvr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is river rouge, michigan?
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03c4hf3	Name a history film
www.freebase.com/m/01mny4_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	what genre of music does bettye lavette make
www.freebase.com/m/0644mq5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what binding is orlando in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hp9j3n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	where is radoslaw stys from
www.freebase.com/m/027xl5y	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	What religion does paresh baruah identify with?
www.freebase.com/m/02rd_zq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is leetonia located?
www.freebase.com/m/05zh_j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	Where is the patuca river river located?
www.freebase.com/m/01h4n	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/03yvsf	who is a person of the  basque people
www.freebase.com/m/04t3kk4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what book genre is normal
www.freebase.com/m/0b6_k_3	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hdsk4	what is the release track on lovers rock
www.freebase.com/m/064l_bh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03_c8p	what business published the cloudy with a chance of meatballs game
www.freebase.com/m/01nq8s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	what is the place of birth of jan ≈†vankmajer?
www.freebase.com/m/0486nkw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	heffington is located in this country.
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g6_2hk	what are types of compilation albums
www.freebase.com/m/04v1hs6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/02czn	which book has an edition called tao te ching
www.freebase.com/m/0_jx8rl	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which langauge is the composition paris in
www.freebase.com/m/0nw3c9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033d8q3	what release came from sony
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c1gs30	which drama films were released in 1989?
www.freebase.com/m/03x3r5	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/house_committee/current_members	www.freebase.com/m/024xk0	Who's currently a member of the united states house committee on agriculture
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04y944z	What album is from the dance music genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0n6qm	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country holds  humboldt county
www.freebase.com/m/02hl6d9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/09kc14	who is the developer of the game deja vu: a nightmare comes true?
www.freebase.com/m/01j18m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01n9tr	Where did charles merivale die
www.freebase.com/m/0gmh0wg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What is the genre of the film a fox in a fix
www.freebase.com/m/06hsptf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03wrrj	Who authored poems?
www.freebase.com/m/0df_c	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0pdvvjr	Who is someone born in grenoble
www.freebase.com/m/0vpbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains argyle township
www.freebase.com/m/0281zgq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/08jgk1	what series is the episode cocktails from
www.freebase.com/m/09xg8	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0h5rk3c	What is the name of jacques chirac child
www.freebase.com/m/03hmq_r	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/bridge_type	www.freebase.com/m/0157l1	What type of bridge is the rande bridge
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t34cr	which book is in the genre autobiography
www.freebase.com/m/037b0t	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	Where is an affected area of hurricane michelle
www.freebase.com/m/065mnm	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_body/body_this_is_a_component_of	www.freebase.com/m/065q4f	What government body is the shura council a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0h7mjqy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what is the genre that best describes zmaj od noƒáaja
www.freebase.com/m/0b_zrd7	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is a popular format to listen to let em ave it
www.freebase.com/m/0zh2cm0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used in don‚Äôt carry it all
www.freebase.com/m/0np78zw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is eartha kitt - the masters?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0gbndxx	what is a type of song?
www.freebase.com/m/027b_3k	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/025658k	What position does patrick kane play?
www.freebase.com/m/01kg0rx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/018nbr	Who was the artist that created the album deta lideracy project: dilated classics
www.freebase.com/m/0lghgcj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is king 5 news broadcast in
www.freebase.com/m/03y1d0h	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is 12526 de coninck
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmwk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in quiet fire?
www.freebase.com/m/03ckvgl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	What country produced the film zoop in south america
www.freebase.com/m/0c1t_h8	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0c9xm25	What's an edition of mathematics
www.freebase.com/m/01kgwyr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvy	who was the composer for the songs on l'≈íuvre pour piano volume 1 (fran√ßois chaplin)
www.freebase.com/m/03gby68	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02l978	Name a radioio 80s pop artist.
www.freebase.com/m/017cd9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxfl8_	what ingredient is active in strychnine
www.freebase.com/m/0rqgr1r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what nationality is ejnar nettelbladt?
www.freebase.com/m/06692p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	Which genre is the album the aquabats! vs. the floating eye of death! from?
www.freebase.com/m/07rdly	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what is the zeta sagittarii
www.freebase.com/m/064jw6k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	Which city in mexico was clara de buen richkarday born in
www.freebase.com/m/0h756tz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what is ketan anand's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/054qd_	what album is by alternative rock?
www.freebase.com/m/09n6dr	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which football position does jacob lensky play
www.freebase.com/m/02h0s4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is lake pedder in
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jyx00	what is that spanish named album
www.freebase.com/m/0f4hfd	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is the spirit color for normandy high school
www.freebase.com/m/01gkkjx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is on pop princesses 3?
www.freebase.com/m/04c1mmt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the city of winston located
www.freebase.com/m/01dfw42	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c9v6	What artist recorded "H.M.S. Pinafore: Oh Joy! Oh Rapture Unforeseen"?
www.freebase.com/m/033bygj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0125fds	What was a track on the release the greatest hits?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmh9ym	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in which form is the greeting released presented
www.freebase.com/m/03hjsw7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	What is the nationality of oscar mascorro?
www.freebase.com/m/06rl9c4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is Mike McQueen notable for?
www.freebase.com/m/0272vm	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/arena_stadium	www.freebase.com/m/062vpt	What is northern ireland national football team's stadium?
www.freebase.com/m/0sn_d0l	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0skxxgm	what release does the track newspaper come from
www.freebase.com/m/012cph	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/012ccx	what's a film that dashiell hammett wrote
www.freebase.com/m/04vqf8	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0mnrb	where did the battle of oak grove take place
www.freebase.com/m/0q9zthm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0r9yg1	what is the release track on confirmation
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/075s73	which town is in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0mkphtw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dzy5gc	What recording featured the track pastor
www.freebase.com/m/02py2fp	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre is tam lin?
www.freebase.com/m/029t70	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/023z9c	who is the founder of democratic convergence of catalonia
www.freebase.com/m/01sfhvr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nl4z7s	what is the track of the artist spank rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0hnf9sw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used in the film it's your war too
www.freebase.com/m/0crrsh6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of movie is the devil's plaything
www.freebase.com/m/07ndr3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqql2p	What drug does mylan laboratories inc. produce 
www.freebase.com/m/080y1	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_specialty/diseases_treated	www.freebase.com/m/01fd3y	what disease is treated by virology?
www.freebase.com/m/01pwt5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05pq9	who wrote the lyrics for you'll never walk alone 
www.freebase.com/m/018nvf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dtcz8	which footballer was born in tralee
www.freebase.com/m/0gd317z	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0702t7	what film was  louise rubacky the editor of
www.freebase.com/m/03y1j_4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/07m61	Which asteroid group is 23355 elephenor a member of
www.freebase.com/m/028k9z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is the genre on netflix for big deal on madonna street
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crtqny	What is the name of a film based in music?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh9g_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What genre of film is savage beach?
www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/062q5t	which actor died from suicide
www.freebase.com/m/07nv04	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender group does oscar kreuzer affiliate with
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0blkpf	what game is single-player?
www.freebase.com/m/02qs3dp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is david saunders's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0cp0n9v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/020zz_	who is the author of the dead of the night
www.freebase.com/m/0jxbb4d	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the drug quetiapine fumarate 200 film coated tablet available
www.freebase.com/m/037lp5x	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was the island years released?
www.freebase.com/m/0cpw61	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0c2c5c	what television shows have paul norris created?
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t2c3_	what is a mystery book written by Lawrence Block
www.freebase.com/m/03wgjd1	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does sergei karimov play in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0pzgm	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/02kdmk	what's the name of a battle that george armstrong custer participated in
www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0806mc9	Which military personnel was involved in world war i?
www.freebase.com/m/05227sf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position did pawe≈Ç thomik play 
www.freebase.com/m/069pbv	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/01pfly	what island group is antigua a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04whgjr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03hq7l	who wrote one case at a time
www.freebase.com/m/03j6ns9	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was vegas: virgin megatore released in
www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02ks1r	Name a pop singer born in tokyo
www.freebase.com/m/048rzng	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	what state contains bel marra
www.freebase.com/m/0792td	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01pmsf	what is the name of a parent of jinggoy estrada
www.freebase.com/m/0nblq2f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nzl9_	what does ricky martin do?
www.freebase.com/m/03nn15g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	what is the artist splint's origin
www.freebase.com/m/031df1r	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was it's better to travel released in
www.freebase.com/m/0yds49h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ffmp	Where was zorz skrigin born?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4txq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what book genre is changer of days?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_mkb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Where is carmelite church, warsaw located?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftyf37	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j6pb3	what artist released the albume live revelations
www.freebase.com/m/0851m8	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/076qq2_	Name one of the new orleans public schools.
www.freebase.com/m/0x2hrvy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	what kind of school is st stanislas college, delft?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/026q3kl	what is a studio album made by the band donots
www.freebase.com/m/06nns1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	where was  lisa edelstein born
www.freebase.com/m/06x6s	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_team/captain	www.freebase.com/m/0277xk4	who is the leader of the st. louis blues
www.freebase.com/m/049fj0f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01d8t8	what is scott robinson's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/03xwsr1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	What sort of punk is these are the good times people
www.freebase.com/m/06sk2q	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/031gm	who cites alexander william williamson as an influence
www.freebase.com/m/0nlrk63	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01plm5q	which artist sang the song federation
www.freebase.com/m/04p7q_	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/02rl0t5	Who edited the film titled spanglish (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0j257jk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	WHat genre is the wanted
www.freebase.com/m/0dmb9n1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tp5bj	who is the creator of the musical composition make me bad / in between days
www.freebase.com/m/01_v5r	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03chmgz	Who directed the film donald's cousin gus?
www.freebase.com/m/09gc49t	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/018cwm	what area of activism is lillie m. jackson involved in
www.freebase.com/m/016tw3	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0glqh5_	What is a movie that universal studios produced in 2012?
www.freebase.com/m/0mkh9h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/017g21	who was the producer of the recording if it's in you
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04zyhx	What is a movie that you can find under netflix comedies?
www.freebase.com/m/03hnp2r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	what genre of music does tout aliz√©e belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01f9359	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what kind of music would u expect to find on boomerang
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqszvz	What is the name of a drug?
www.freebase.com/m/04c30z8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is sans facon located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0q39ql8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where is michael evans from
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/026xl44	what is the name of a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/04v88xr	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	What type of binding is found on fahrenheit 451?
www.freebase.com/m/068cn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gbcvh	what cities are in piedmont
www.freebase.com/m/050r_t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of program is ruler of your own world?
www.freebase.com/m/01vrwl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	What state is Kingwood Houston located in?
www.freebase.com/m/05pb0qk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country did my name is rocco papaleo come from 
www.freebase.com/m/096mhg	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what format is wmse?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9cd6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vxn	what is the subject of red dragon?
www.freebase.com/m/01p65kg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what type of album is prowincja
www.freebase.com/m/04b1dz7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where can stony point be found
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03j05j4	Name an artist from the indie rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/0cxls5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Siculiana is located in which country?
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05575j	Name a musician
www.freebase.com/m/01s3kv	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03ynp_	what movie was produced by fran drescher
www.freebase.com/m/015_fw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does james burke identify as?
www.freebase.com/m/06h_7p3	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/04ny5g	what internet company is ashton kutcher associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0rcn	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What asteroid group is 6247 amanogawa a member of
www.freebase.com/m/02nxw4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of gaston bachelard
www.freebase.com/m/0dh53	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whkdx	whats the name of literary criticism book
www.freebase.com/m/0g5r5kt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	The album open season is this kind genre of music.
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0_mfnw0	whats an album by the districts 
www.freebase.com/m/05s_scy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is raj singh chaudhary
www.freebase.com/m/017hzy7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	How was germany released?
www.freebase.com/m/03j8y8m	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	Which region was villalog released in
www.freebase.com/m/07gt08	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is daria werbowy male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0464b4	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_championship_event/champion	www.freebase.com/m/061xq	what team did win the 1979 world series
www.freebase.com/m/0kh51	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_conference/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0g2hw4	what's a team that plays in the pacific-12 conference
www.freebase.com/m/09nrph	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is walter shanly known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nlhh5	which album is compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0fyfpq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is h√©ctor andr√©s negroni male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0fryjsf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mphxk_	what is the track list of stand your ground
www.freebase.com/m/04k94	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsktz	What is a drug formulation available in liquid form?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbyk	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/nris_listing/significance_level	www.freebase.com/m/05gk2gv	what is the significance level of mission santa ines?
www.freebase.com/m/051w35k	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what is the strange case of mr pelham book about
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22fy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/06c753	What is the name of a dramas based on the book
www.freebase.com/m/05vg6z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07knrn1	what is an episode of transformers: robots in disguise?
www.freebase.com/m/04g176d	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvg9	what type of architecture is villa magna
www.freebase.com/m/066yvx	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	What is shauna grant's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8kkw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what is the origins of sex about
www.freebase.com/m/026hxwx	www.freebase.com/film/film/sequel	www.freebase.com/m/03ck20l	What is the sequel to epic movie?
www.freebase.com/m/080k_3m	www.freebase.com/user/robert/mobile_phones/mobile_phone/brand	www.freebase.com/m/0537b	what brand creates motorola droid
www.freebase.com/m/03y80v9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what kind of star system is 13117 pondicherry
www.freebase.com/m/06w7vrx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released beyond the rocks
www.freebase.com/m/04t22bs	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what genre of book is murder in montparnasse
www.freebase.com/m/0cz9p3l	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03f0qd7	Who was the composer for loca?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5jp9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/03nfsv	which diseases are found in lichen?
www.freebase.com/m/026n4h6	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01md3hs	Who did the music for the film i know who killed me?
www.freebase.com/m/0f94ztl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f94zln	On what peter nero album can you find the track taxi?
www.freebase.com/m/011cl4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is barronett located in
www.freebase.com/m/02rb38x	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	The album, "In Towers and Clouds" is what type of music?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0270qwm	What is an example of a film that is an action film
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03gxs8t	what movie is in adventure film
www.freebase.com/m/02hm5qf	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/026kds	which console is moto roader on
www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/089b2b	what river does mississippi partially contain
www.freebase.com/m/0cbvpn	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	What is the genre of the videogame hyper v-ball
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02qk0b5	Name a popular pop music album
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt0_8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	What drug category does mulberry 40000 injectable solution belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05zzjsj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	the wind journeys can be categorized as what type of film?
www.freebase.com/m/01vxmm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xpp5	where did dith pran pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0210tk	which sports teams play in south africa
www.freebase.com/m/05trb8	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0630wx	who is daughter of shanna moakler
www.freebase.com/m/02rdw5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	What is Kitty Bransfield's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs5ss	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is estradiol 0.0404 patch classified as
www.freebase.com/m/06608wm	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position does s√©amus coleman play
www.freebase.com/m/0cm8wk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01d0r18	What is a track from the gibson brothers
www.freebase.com/m/0371cqn	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is vinnie colaiuta in 
www.freebase.com/m/01zycgy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is casselberry
www.freebase.com/m/0579gmq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what nationality does massimo cannizzaro belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0zk8hhb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/011kh_f	What is a track on the max ernst album?
www.freebase.com/m/0382jqn	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what region released  cool & collected
www.freebase.com/m/058_3m	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what people is  judy feld carr apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0fq1b3	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/058jp5	who is the American composer of the dead silence film 
www.freebase.com/m/01lbffr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dc77f	Which artist is responsible for live at orion
www.freebase.com/m/03jn4	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/07tgn	what college can be accessed by flying to the london heathrow airport
www.freebase.com/m/0l019f	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/03gvt	what instrument did neal doughty play?
www.freebase.com/m/01w312_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what's merl lindsay's sex
www.freebase.com/m/02qmd52	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	Which country did amor m√≠o originate in
www.freebase.com/m/01lrt1d	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type did le onde have?
www.freebase.com/m/0l47zz7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is shingo matsuzaki known as 
www.freebase.com/m/0d0s7rl	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0d0s5xj	What is an edition of the book namibia?
www.freebase.com/m/0vps8mm	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of pivotal?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2y0n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0kt51	what subject is anti-aging zone written on
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/04cxnjf	whats an example of a cvg  action game
www.freebase.com/m/0zp7nc_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was cornfield ablaze composed in
www.freebase.com/m/0ltmxy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0_cwwy	What is the canonical version of tracks of my tears?
www.freebase.com/m/01k_gmz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k_gp8	what artist is featured on the album best of ...
www.freebase.com/m/0qjvrb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/032qzx	which artist recorded savannah?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0g28_j	which hockey players play defenceman (ice hockey)
www.freebase.com/m/087f2m	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/01g3bl	what mountain range is diran part of
www.freebase.com/m/0bb6s9j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form of music was i just threw out the love of my dreams created as
www.freebase.com/m/0ft5dsx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where in europe was therell always be an england released
www.freebase.com/m/03j7g6_	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	what label released clear
www.freebase.com/m/02s41k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what subset of punk music do the distillers write
www.freebase.com/m/03wj5cn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country is johnny williamson from
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0g567j6	who is US artist known for photography
www.freebase.com/m/03t2c9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0cw4l	what area is ratlam found in?
www.freebase.com/m/0twf8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is berwyn heights located at?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtg4n	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03q349	What is the name of a film that was produced by pamela koffler
www.freebase.com/m/0l0zr4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01cbt3	Who composed the piece titled down deep inside
www.freebase.com/m/03c_tz6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0c8tk	what was subramaniam srinivasan's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/02hxm3f	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is the nubri language
www.freebase.com/m/0m9c1	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/07kdrgg	What was a film that was directed by michael curtiz
www.freebase.com/m/01g09f2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre is the album ¬°policia!: a tribute to the police
www.freebase.com/m/0_6g6_2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was  used for maybe your baby 
www.freebase.com/m/02ml1k	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/06_kwv	who composed music for seed of chucky?
www.freebase.com/m/07q1m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04228s	what category of film is the straight story
www.freebase.com/m/04795d5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what gameplay mode does civilization iv: colonization offer
www.freebase.com/m/0dr5zg_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hr3g	who recorded also sprach zarathustra, op. 30: v. das grablied?
www.freebase.com/m/0x200_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/028f2z	what artist recorded d.t.d?
www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01m_kwg	what is a funk album that included Michael Jackson in it
www.freebase.com/m/0c663	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ghqr2r	Name a woman who was born in Apuila. 
www.freebase.com/m/010l8kl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02ydq9	who is the singer of the track dating game, part 2
www.freebase.com/m/04f_x_5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/025_0f0	what ethnicity is roman wick 
www.freebase.com/m/07q_nz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what music genre does spencer chamberlain perform
www.freebase.com/m/01qt4q6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is nicola arigliano from
www.freebase.com/m/02x7y6q	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	where was victoria no. 203 made in?
www.freebase.com/m/09jvw3h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02k9yd8	What is salzburger nachrichten?
www.freebase.com/m/0_js4yn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0_hzm8v	What album is the song belize from
www.freebase.com/m/0sw6g	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04ms52	what film did hank azaria produce
www.freebase.com/m/01wmsmt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	what is the occupation of len spencer
www.freebase.com/m/04fyzk1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of netflix film is the fourth wise man?
www.freebase.com/m/05_3cw	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06n163	what movie did sam katzman produce
www.freebase.com/m/09yw_m	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	who was torquato neto
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0frfytb	which album is of the content type soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/06zp78d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is roland dieckmann famous for
www.freebase.com/m/047m1bp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is reggie love's profession
www.freebase.com/m/03cbr8d	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/061v5m	who owns keyn-fm?
www.freebase.com/m/06bk7_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	What type of music does frank beard play?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcnjc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vxn	what was written in moving experiences
www.freebase.com/m/01czp4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0cy1s	what organization did sergey ilyushin found
www.freebase.com/m/04n37d6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	Which gameplay mode does macross ace frontier use?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048t45n	What can you find within the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c7nvzl	who is a known person that was born in  melbourne
www.freebase.com/m/09qk5s	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01pp3p	Who directed "Cheyenne Autumn"?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdhn7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is light keeps me company in?
www.freebase.com/m/04xvvzr	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03c2rd5	which author wrote after hours
www.freebase.com/m/0d8t5d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what music genre is it aint over?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04f4z7d	what player plays forward?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0q4lkfy	who is a professional actor
www.freebase.com/m/07s3q4q	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/018r_v	what family is sirabhorn sobhon apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0klzyhk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/01ll5qv	what is a track from indiana
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g9y0x3	what is a bollywood film
www.freebase.com/m/06trwq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	which category is hemp for victory filed under
www.freebase.com/m/0hpl1ck	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/027xd_h	What mountain is located in rangeley-stratton?
www.freebase.com/m/05dhfqs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/09gj1m	Who wrote the episode back in business?
www.freebase.com/m/03g12w	www.freebase.com/music/album/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0cq7f0	What composition is on the album keepin' the summer alive?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrys5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the genre of dali in new york
www.freebase.com/m/0h7qcv7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0462ph1	Who composed narcissistic cannibal?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdyp7	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	what school color is used in  cypress lake high school
www.freebase.com/m/01c8k1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0lt55k2	Who was born in telford
www.freebase.com/m/024w3s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is charlotte caffey from?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwdnc_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which format is honest
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03qcddr	Who is an artist who performs pop rock music
www.freebase.com/m/017r2	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02hvwf	whom did  bertolt brecht influence
www.freebase.com/m/01fmc1	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/051kv	what religion does kirk fordice ascribe to
www.freebase.com/m/0y86x	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/069ptv	Who was born in copiague, new york
www.freebase.com/m/09wyw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02fgmn	What genre does the television program hawaii five-o belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02r6hk6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	In what country is empalme villa constituci√≥n located
www.freebase.com/m/03hlvxb	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/04n3gd	who is the owner of the radio station ckch-fm?
www.freebase.com/m/0f03__9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f0409h	What's a song featured on major flavours 3
www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0b3v327	who in the world was born in mexico
www.freebase.com/m/026ypd9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0l4vc	where did thomas wharton jr. die 
www.freebase.com/m/07n64g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/musical_key	www.freebase.com/m/026hp2	In what musical note was dont look back in anger played?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026b5dc	who is a nigerian midfielder 
www.freebase.com/m/05b3ll0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What is the genre of the album fredhead
www.freebase.com/m/0bsdqt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what is aymor√© moreira's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0g5nb60	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is christopher buchholz's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0299m7	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0_gt_p4	What events have happened at gillette stadium?
www.freebase.com/m/0cwhl1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0qbvz	where is jeanne pruett from 
www.freebase.com/m/036mgd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	kyoka izumi died in which Japanese city?
www.freebase.com/m/02669tl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	where was chotta mumbai made
www.freebase.com/m/0h32lc9	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0311wg	who is sandy durdin's son
www.freebase.com/m/0307yj5	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is ask rufus released in
www.freebase.com/m/0138pl	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zl8gmj	Which lyrics did christina rossetti write?
www.freebase.com/m/0n50b	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02vnbn	which community is located in quay county
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0c9kq3	What is the name of a game with single-player mode
www.freebase.com/m/07gghl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Which country is the film showtime from
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0xdjl	Whats the name of a city in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0dcf7t	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02l7nd	WHo wrote the science of sleep
www.freebase.com/m/04b67jt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n4pv	which county is cedar hill in 
www.freebase.com/m/063zk_l	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	what types of game is insane
www.freebase.com/m/09g15n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	how did james rachels die?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch2d82	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which country is the film benny and babloo from
www.freebase.com/m/0f98zp	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b550c	Who did the story for the film chukkallo chandrudu
www.freebase.com/m/03j6g4	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	in what time zone is cres found
www.freebase.com/m/0f4zyx_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was the best of album out in the fields: the very best of gary moore sold sold on shelves
www.freebase.com/m/0lmg4	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0s07q	what's a notable town in kauai county, hawaii
www.freebase.com/m/0125q1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrhh	Name a large village in north yorkshire
www.freebase.com/m/015w1rr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dvqq	Which artist recorded whatsername?
www.freebase.com/m/04w6twy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/015j7	What was the hebrew-greek key word study bible written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjfjq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is  shon gables
www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01rwqxf	what artist plays in the indie genre
www.freebase.com/m/08v1v2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fn7r	what was kaushal lokuarachchi's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/03fy8gy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music is on live at texas stadium?
www.freebase.com/m/026wswq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/020yxw	what is the name of the group who released ukukhanya kwelanga
www.freebase.com/m/04t10j7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the original language of the secrets of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/0cn_554	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of album is live!?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk08f	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	mariana mantovana is in what time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0f_1f1d	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fr5h_d	what is a song in the album pop, songs & death, volume 1: the lightning ep
www.freebase.com/m/0465gp8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0343_	where was dan ekner born
www.freebase.com/m/0jxm6	www.freebase.com/user/robert/roman_empire/roman_emperor/emperor_of	www.freebase.com/m/06cmp	What empire did valentinian i lead
www.freebase.com/m/09tvxnq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is eric lynne from?
www.freebase.com/m/030lk8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is the nationality of shaun wright-phillips?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqth8d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/074sdc	What is an active ingredient in saquinavir 200 liquid filled capsule?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhtrnb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system does (90987) 1997 xm11 belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05b4ryl	What would be an example of a horror film
www.freebase.com/m/02w4drk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is speak english or live
www.freebase.com/m/02lw53	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02phk1r	Name an italian journalist born in pula
www.freebase.com/m/0lcjt_n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0364pq2	what is the release of the track apple?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09cbgb	What would be labeled speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0d7q0p	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_subject	www.freebase.com/m/0knf8	What is the subject of the piece of art the yellow house
www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t4vlq	what are books written about asia?
www.freebase.com/m/07490	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fr61	what county and state did samuel mudd originate from
www.freebase.com/m/04j2ftt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what kind of film is breaking the surface: the greg louganis story?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0vn9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what kind of celestial body is 2174 asmodeus
www.freebase.com/m/013xrm	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/04rl4x	what person is of german ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/023vbq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r04p	where did esther rolle die?
www.freebase.com/m/028824z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is natalie tong?
www.freebase.com/m/0br8nx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	the pleasure of my company was originally written in which language?
www.freebase.com/m/05sz8zb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of music is lullaby for columbine?
www.freebase.com/m/03fb57	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/01d1dj	what is the automotive class of the model bmw z3
www.freebase.com/m/0d8tkj	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/04z1nq	who created the character mortalla
www.freebase.com/m/0bkfln	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What was ken wright's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/03gy9m2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01gh6z	Where is joaquim fel√≠cio?
www.freebase.com/m/02642ym	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin for the bad girls club
www.freebase.com/m/03c7kj1	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02rsw	what religion does politician john e. courson ascribe to?
www.freebase.com/m/0glz68j	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what is the film format of letter to america 
www.freebase.com/m/06bpy9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What sort of music is school's out considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/070gn3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where in the United States did herbert adams die
www.freebase.com/m/0g594hn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	is anna calvi art rock or dance music
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rxf6	what film is a type of romance film?
www.freebase.com/m/05z_fb2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is inna gulaya's profession
www.freebase.com/m/05qhhkg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/06kb_	Name the author of john brunner presents kiplings science fiction
www.freebase.com/m/03_fb6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is inky mark's gender
www.freebase.com/m/047cx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03jgd00	Name an album by king crimson.
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/04vrx4	who is male character in Yoyo hakusho
www.freebase.com/m/0crv9gl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language that dambusters raid was film in?
www.freebase.com/m/07m9kf3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/09vgnt	richard harris is an episode in which series
www.freebase.com/m/01kr5mq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0hmzj	what music label is regurgitator with?
www.freebase.com/m/021n1kw	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/chromosome	www.freebase.com/m/099hmk	which chromosome does myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 (bcl2-related) affect
www.freebase.com/m/01l20h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cbn2_	Which famous football players were born in zemun
www.freebase.com/m/07d347	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nzl9_	what is jun song known for
www.freebase.com/m/07kc1s9	www.freebase.com/book/periodical/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used for upstream (newspaper)
www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w73p5	what book is based on the american civil war
www.freebase.com/m/09ytp3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of movie is north to alaska
www.freebase.com/m/05czkx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07nqn	Where is the church of st peter ad vincula
www.freebase.com/m/07k93jm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country filmed i dream of murder
www.freebase.com/m/05n0342	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/03h0q0	who was dream boy created by
www.freebase.com/m/09jh5	www.freebase.com/opera/opera/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04dg7h2	Which genre of opera is tristan und isolde?
www.freebase.com/m/023v2vm	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0ftnq0t	What's a version of the song timeless
www.freebase.com/m/02x03wz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was the film "Yiddle With His Fiddle" filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03cswqd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qcdfxz	what is a song by jesse saunders
www.freebase.com/m/0bbzw55	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03pzf	where in canada was george r. ursul born?
www.freebase.com/m/09ysbj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What is a touch of zen classified as on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0s00h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03b1nv	what is the name of a school in pearl city
www.freebase.com/m/0n2q0	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0yvky	Which city is located within the cuyahoga county?
www.freebase.com/m/0lgznn0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0r2hfd	what is a recording of electrolux?
www.freebase.com/m/0lkj4m_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037tt58	What album can remember me be found on?
www.freebase.com/m/0lkf1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0_rrfdc	What is the tile of jane birkin's live album
www.freebase.com/m/04j2s1m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22tc	what kind of netflix genre is crimson
www.freebase.com/m/09pbkd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	What's a subject discussed in tempted champions
www.freebase.com/m/07dlyv	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/01cdt5	what symptoms occur with persistent truncus arteriosus
www.freebase.com/m/0lsdv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0y5j_1q	What is an album by puerto rican singer Chayanne?
www.freebase.com/m/01q2nx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	which genre of film is deep impact under?
www.freebase.com/m/05y5lx	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kqp3l	what is the temperament of the dog bread maremma sheepdog
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtrm6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	what are the active ingredients of activon ultra strength joint and muscle
www.freebase.com/m/0d5hv	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	What is nicolae ceau»ôescu's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/056l95y	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/featured_characters	www.freebase.com/m/029n63	What is a featured character in marvel noir?
www.freebase.com/m/05d3p8r	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is deena a male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/0g66fj1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of  collectors edition, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l4yt9	What's an example of a progressive rock album
www.freebase.com/m/02x7b3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jt5zcn	Where was rick stein born?
www.freebase.com/m/03lrz7	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0dghx8	what team is from roanne
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g695c	what person was  born in new york city?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7ybx9	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What was headlines release format?
www.freebase.com/m/0p0d6n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01_x1m	who is the artist that recorded guide
www.freebase.com/m/034rll	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlbgm	what is the name of a game for which warthog games was the developer for
www.freebase.com/m/01w8nyp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	which city is Áä¨Âºè from
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f_l1fb	what compilation album did pantera release?
www.freebase.com/m/03cxnq2	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	What position does Jerry Turner play? 
www.freebase.com/m/085zr9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ben zyskowicz's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04mqcw	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/05nkp2	who created the character lee child
www.freebase.com/m/027h_w	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrxbq	what is the marketed formulation for the drug granisetron?
www.freebase.com/m/027jh73	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what are the school colors for jenkins high school?
www.freebase.com/m/06z2grd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is a town like alice filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/045dbt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02pzmhm	What's an album from bob gaudio
www.freebase.com/m/0b771hk	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_tournament_event/teams	www.freebase.com/m/020wyp	which team attended the 2014 icc world twenty20
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hy_ztf	what short film was released in 2007?
www.freebase.com/m/026tfz1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What was diego √Ålvarez chanca's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0cg530	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what genre is the demon spirit classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0djtyc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music is punk-o-rama iii
www.freebase.com/m/0wnrmf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0qf02zy	what is the release track on tennesee
www.freebase.com/m/03gzvr4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	which nation is petre »öu»õea with
www.freebase.com/m/0f_gn08	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was electric released?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch2q_g	www.freebase.com/base/internetmemes/internet_meme/originating_website	www.freebase.com/m/01fx3t	Which website did the pedobear meme originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4tqg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What was cutting corporate welfare written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgtpt9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/039c5	what was the name of the author of experiments in plant hybridisation
www.freebase.com/m/027mp01	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0c8tk	Where is the raja nagar
www.freebase.com/m/04v8k1_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/07g75	what book came from the edition the hobbit (collins modern classics)?
www.freebase.com/m/089g6	www.freebase.com/base/argumentmaps/idea/assumptions	www.freebase.com/m/05gd9	what types of movement is zionism
www.freebase.com/m/0_sqc6f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/068jd	what is andreas roene
www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/026dbj2	What is an administrative division of the country argentina
www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/03hvk2	Name a private school
www.freebase.com/m/04jhp9n	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	What is a color of adarsh english boarding school?
www.freebase.com/m/02frhbc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ck6d2	who was a famous person born in portland
www.freebase.com/m/0dtqdhb	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the physical format of the release anthology 2
www.freebase.com/m/02wk_27	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what's gary sperling's biological sex
www.freebase.com/m/0gtww67	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06sw9	what is the nationality of ralph jean-louis
www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/06pt_m	what is the name of an female violin player
www.freebase.com/m/02vm69t	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What is the genre of the album winter song
www.freebase.com/m/064ps6k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	which state locates franklin county career and technology center
www.freebase.com/m/0d4j2	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/02_5h	what sport events happened at the 1928 winter olympics?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/014g2j	What's an example of a fantasy film
www.freebase.com/m/0396p	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/0n4rngy	Who is a character that is a gorilla
www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01t_zmy	What artist is with RCA Records?
www.freebase.com/m/09j2d	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/047gbct	which are examples of a clothing company?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwycdx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ms27t_	what is the track list for the release clarinetitis / sing, sing, sing
www.freebase.com/m/027kr0y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country does donald crawford have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0wj55pp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/014gjp	what television series had an episode entitled hawkeye
www.freebase.com/m/03fgrqj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lxn85x	What's a song featured on time \\"lve\\" lee: it's all good
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cbvhd	which album is rock music
www.freebase.com/m/07gxw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0109kg	Who is a techno artist
www.freebase.com/m/01531	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02pnwmf	Name a person born in the the bronx.
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02qf2kk	which musician is heavy metal
www.freebase.com/m/0cl00f	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was used to compose a world without love
www.freebase.com/m/03s9b	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/02r9kty	what film was ingmar bergman a story contributor to?
www.freebase.com/m/06_0jwd	www.freebase.com/people/family/members	www.freebase.com/m/02h8xp	who is a member of the manson family
www.freebase.com/m/01wlly9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/019gvyg	Name a track from the artist franck dubosc
www.freebase.com/m/0fvqywj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vl5n5	which artist recorded dick tracy
www.freebase.com/m/01lnv_2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/08g__v	who is the artist on the geometrid
www.freebase.com/m/05vn_v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the genre of the film the private life of sherlock holmes?
www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05x06m	Who is a notable person that was born in boston
www.freebase.com/m/01b6pm2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0pcc0	What is the name of the artist that released the recording titled vocalise
www.freebase.com/m/03wbqkp	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09kt30	who directed the film vedham
www.freebase.com/m/01qntj7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05htyw	Which label is cassidy signed to
www.freebase.com/m/02vv_7x	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	what position does joe reed play?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyzlzv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is mark ritchie male or female
www.freebase.com/m/07z8sm	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	With which hand does danny markov shoot with
www.freebase.com/m/0g8qjf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is livorno ferraris in
www.freebase.com/m/0242qym	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kk8lyt	which tracks are in the album the fly?
www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r0f_l	which artist perform the genre experimental rock
www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0cl9tz	which player is a centerman in ice hockey
www.freebase.com/m/01pp3p	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03c7dwg	which film did john ford directed
www.freebase.com/m/01n1yck	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	What type of music is the album destination: love: live! at cold rice
www.freebase.com/m/048nr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/044btd	what was karl d√∂nitz's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/080j16d	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0520r2x	who was the film art direction by in the movie charlie chan at the wax museum
www.freebase.com/m/02g8wq	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	What unit size is the military unit Grenadier Guards?
www.freebase.com/m/0f9sb9	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/01r7_1	what type of cinematography was the film on with the show  done in
www.freebase.com/m/06bd440	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05x8bd3	who is the author of kenya?
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0vgcn	What is a place located in the eastern daylight time time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/05jhzm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is willem wilmink's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0fdk4rh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mk5m0l	What track was featured on the release infa red and cross
www.freebase.com/m/0bh6td8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	What country is yoo seung-ho from
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0b8_2v	Who is a musician known for playing the bass guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/02d76_	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/05k4k	What type of work does encana specialize in
www.freebase.com/m/0b77z2h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is burhan qurbani known for 
www.freebase.com/m/02qsx8l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is sola abolaji's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddb37d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is stuart hendrie's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0j067	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j6ww	what is the name of katherine swynford's son
www.freebase.com/m/04t2l05	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the principal subject of postcards from the ledge
www.freebase.com/m/0ch4c8h	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	≈ûahane was releasd in what format
www.freebase.com/m/02scbv	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/067_n	What is the subject of rambo: first blood part ii?
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/018gb6	whose mother gave birth to them in london
www.freebase.com/m/037jnld	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x6wln	What is a track off of man in black
www.freebase.com/m/0x0hqwv	www.freebase.com/theater/play/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02kpk9	who was the lyricist for the play make me a song
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0dsglm	who is a midfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/01sbt1	www.freebase.com/food/cheese/texture	www.freebase.com/m/02h892w	what type of cheese is parmigiano-reggiano
www.freebase.com/m/0cr4w_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	Where was john hainkel born?
www.freebase.com/m/0s90dqy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	what kind of music is on glory?
www.freebase.com/m/016vyp	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0dk8csq	who is danny bonaduce's mother 
www.freebase.com/m/0fv67w0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0dq73ht	what was the title of the recording in time canonical version
www.freebase.com/m/03xpfdq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	what sort of music is colloquio affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/06_n8pg	what type of construction depicts the greek revival architecture
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_yt	Name an American artist who pioneered rock and roll?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0q_gv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fcx2h0	Which album is sweet little sixteen from
www.freebase.com/m/04w514n	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What kind of book is the target
www.freebase.com/m/02z6mfn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of music does roman candle (band) perform
www.freebase.com/m/0zjtdxw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is written in the arizona sword
www.freebase.com/m/0d5j76	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	where on netflix does def by temptation live
www.freebase.com/m/01sz4b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04103m	what area contains whistler
www.freebase.com/m/0crsm2w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0g293	What netflix genre does reik: sesion metropolitana belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02nwh9	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/016fxx	what was muhammad yunus's invention 
www.freebase.com/m/0bm6jxr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where is edgar governo from
www.freebase.com/m/01kq7q6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mxpnp	What is one of the songs made by manfred manns earth band?
www.freebase.com/m/05q848	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0qf43	Who's the executive producer of twin town
www.freebase.com/m/0l2kp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0414kvq	what's a town in modoc county, california
www.freebase.com/m/0kyrrkd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03whpdf	Who was the developer of the game crusade in europe
www.freebase.com/m/0391jk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomer/astronomical_objects_discovered	www.freebase.com/m/0h97jny	What's a celestial body discovered by yoshiaki oshima
www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/09rsmzv	what river is in russia?
www.freebase.com/m/05k2xy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the interpreter from
www.freebase.com/m/016gg_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/06lbp	who wrote the book treasure island
www.freebase.com/m/0dxlknt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0t462r	What's the original version of the song portland
www.freebase.com/m/0gw90yx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What sort of movie is honeypot
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c94z3	Who was born in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz84p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of frederick william wallace?
www.freebase.com/m/02x5mz8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	joan balcells is best known as what?
www.freebase.com/m/061p2g	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0459q4	what language does chinese australian speak 
www.freebase.com/m/02pqc_v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0g6wd	where did kaju sugiura die
www.freebase.com/m/048v6s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/048tz0	who is the artist that created home by dawn
www.freebase.com/m/038pcb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	Which genre of music does hitomi make
www.freebase.com/m/0f6jb14	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017371	What genre of music does peggy sue and the pirates play?
www.freebase.com/m/0dddhdh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language do the characters speak in janosik: a true story
www.freebase.com/m/0z469ld	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film good night
www.freebase.com/m/03xx3jn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/029h7y	What is the musical style of the album pnau?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6h_tb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is the nationality of the famous person george gutteres
www.freebase.com/m/0xgxb35	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0x3d1_2	what release did warrior come from 
www.freebase.com/m/0f2tjhw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what musical genre is the album  innocent eyes
www.freebase.com/m/02hxp1b	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/05qkp	What's a country that uses the mari language
www.freebase.com/m/03y10zc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where is 13693 bondar located 
www.freebase.com/m/055y40	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01vh096	who is the writer of the last day of a condemned man
www.freebase.com/m/0352_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is linda lusardi's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0c8xjz	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfvzk	what radio station plays cherish (group)
www.freebase.com/m/02gdvx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What type of book is the mystery of the yellow room?
www.freebase.com/m/0644l_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what type of movie is black angel
www.freebase.com/m/04mx7bc	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ghg771	which movie did √âtienne p√©rier direct
www.freebase.com/m/0rrfl8h	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01qdc_p	what is a track of the the dark side of the moon album
www.freebase.com/m/0120h6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hknf	which city did jacobus de voragine die
www.freebase.com/m/04w2yxm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02c3_1	who was the author of worship
www.freebase.com/m/0v2pqvc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is mike bruner from
www.freebase.com/m/05229c_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is a language of the film megamind?
www.freebase.com/m/05h4n_p	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	what 
www.freebase.com/m/046c9v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07r_p	where in Estonia was linnart m√§ll born?
www.freebase.com/m/032lqxc	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Which country was hot & soul released in?
www.freebase.com/m/027p13x	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	What country was casi casi made in?
www.freebase.com/m/0kw9vn_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0310bbr	spike is a track from what musical release
www.freebase.com/m/0dln2__	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	which genre is girls night classified as 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqx2jc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/more_general_ingredient	www.freebase.com/m/0cf28q	what is a drug ingredient in delavirdine mesylate
www.freebase.com/m/05t6q31	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03d6fyn	Who was the developer for the game pitfall: the mayan adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyrj6t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of dave bassett
www.freebase.com/m/09bn84	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	shanley high school's students need to pay so it's what type of school?
www.freebase.com/m/086qd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc4dx	What radio program plays music from whitney houston
www.freebase.com/m/0ddfjnq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of show is westerplatte?
www.freebase.com/m/027wgtd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	which country is tito larriva from
www.freebase.com/m/04wd79m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	of which subject is the book mothers, sons, and lovers based on
www.freebase.com/m/0y5jng2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of stan yale?
www.freebase.com/m/03crjmv	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04qp06	Who directed the film kishen kanhaiya
www.freebase.com/m/01_9w2	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03qtfw8	What industry is paccar in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtybc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what netflix genre does driftwood belong to
www.freebase.com/m/019sc	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/02rf9c3	what is a black dog 
www.freebase.com/m/04xcd1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013tyd	what city was edward s. curtis born in 
www.freebase.com/m/04vdmnl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	What kind of binding does the jungle have?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/01vprl	which town is located in the central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/027z990	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/based_on	www.freebase.com/m/0gj27	cleopatra is based on which famous figure?
www.freebase.com/m/03g7v3q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what kinds of music is the bird and the bee
www.freebase.com/m/056qky	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01x19hm	what is the namesake of the source terry knight
www.freebase.com/m/04crd81	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01mgdx	What location is Shelter Island Windmill in?
www.freebase.com/m/05dfxj9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02k_4g	what series is the episode split decisions from?
www.freebase.com/m/02r1l6f	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	what was polly becker's occupation 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6ywry	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0dq8d8l	what is the song from the composition blue
www.freebase.com/m/03fkg52	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/010hbs_	What's a song from the album liberation
www.freebase.com/m/0h3gp8h	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03n7wk	What is the name of a child of molly bedingfield
www.freebase.com/m/05f7sby	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is men and women
www.freebase.com/m/040s8g0	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/distributed_through	www.freebase.com/m/07sg3j	What is the game  bubble bobble distributed as
www.freebase.com/m/0lpc4sg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07cg_1b	what series is the episode monte carlo from?
www.freebase.com/m/09m9_q	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what american football position did broderick thomas play
www.freebase.com/m/0dwc_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/sequel	www.freebase.com/m/02rncz	What is the sequel to half-life (video game)
www.freebase.com/m/081m_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cp1qzp	What polish footballer was born in warsaw?
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cym4r	What is the drama film where black-and-white technique was used?
www.freebase.com/m/06svwx	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06y9y3	who was the producer for the film  dead leaves
www.freebase.com/m/05c2dkw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What country is nina s√∂derquist from?
www.freebase.com/m/04c8h44	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/047t_	what's one of nations that has a marys motel in it
www.freebase.com/m/047ch30	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/03krj	what sport is fredericia hk famous for 
www.freebase.com/m/0gry51	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0271cgx	what film was produced by jules white?
www.freebase.com/m/04v0b1q	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0dtsy	Who wrote the book indiana
www.freebase.com/m/0dq16z	www.freebase.com/base/ports/port_of_call/harbor_type	www.freebase.com/m/08sggxv	what type of harbor is burgeo
www.freebase.com/m/026j9yj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is joe kennedy's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxn7m5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025svll	what is an active ingredient in throat complex
www.freebase.com/m/077s3v	www.freebase.com/theater/theatrical_lyricist/play_lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0v2xl7x	what play did laurie berkner write lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0hr7gj7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/086yr	who was the artist for switched-on bach ii
www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/07wrrr	name a player who played the baseball position second baseman.
www.freebase.com/m/014wlv	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06tw8	which county contains blue nile
www.freebase.com/m/0f4yzy1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_66wd4	what is a recording of one fine day called
www.freebase.com/m/0k7k8l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what does tom provost do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/01qzg7	www.freebase.com/location/country/form_of_government	www.freebase.com/m/014zf	what kind of government was francoist spain?
www.freebase.com/m/03f7lp0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q9gfsz	what is a song by t.i.?
www.freebase.com/m/0g98y6_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What genre of novel is christmas when music almost killed the world?
www.freebase.com/m/07nn0xf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/07l5s41	What season is the episode argentina from
www.freebase.com/m/06vqhdv	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01tz3c	What kind of book is death & fame: last poems 1993-1997?
www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_type/mountains_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0g76ln	What is an example of a volcano
www.freebase.com/m/042hl5y	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/083_h	what gallery does wtc arial march2001 appear in
www.freebase.com/m/014dgpb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032wxv3	What's a release from like a rolling stone
www.freebase.com/m/064k7lm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre of music is on the electronic eden album
www.freebase.com/m/0f8d_y	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01v3rb	what game developer released the game road blaster
www.freebase.com/m/0dmqy9d	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0f20wqc	what is a version of the single paris?
www.freebase.com/m/01z9j2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03hj0zl	who was born in greenock
www.freebase.com/m/0fz7h16	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wxdcn	What musician wrote manhattan-kaboul
www.freebase.com/m/026v283	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07cfx	in what Australian island is brighton council located
www.freebase.com/m/0d6qtz	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position does billy hoeft play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/041hkyq	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	what kind of license does zala is located in angola hold
www.freebase.com/m/03y7mzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	where is 4228 nemiro located 
www.freebase.com/m/0gkh2x6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is house of tolerance from
www.freebase.com/m/01m4kqj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the hit years?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0yq217r	What is an example of a fantasy tv program
www.freebase.com/m/014s2k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p9p9g	which track is produced by the ataris
www.freebase.com/m/0753n	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/02j1rd	Name an island in the shetland island group
www.freebase.com/m/0dswdn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the blind goddess from
www.freebase.com/m/0r4l5d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01j4cg_	what is a recording from europa
www.freebase.com/m/01fqfng	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of music is baadasssss cinema
www.freebase.com/m/047qqg0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What do the characters in la linea speak  
www.freebase.com/m/0b48dd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rdnx	Where was albert hull born?
www.freebase.com/m/02pkkq7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rjg	What's the subject of the art of the metaobject protocol
www.freebase.com/m/0c03gh5	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/02rx3lg	what is a film directed by predrag antonijeviƒá
www.freebase.com/m/04w4tvv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	what does the amateur talk about
www.freebase.com/m/04wb_64	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	which subject was focused on in  the westward movement
www.freebase.com/m/05lbxc	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does nikolai lugansky play on
www.freebase.com/m/03f4r_b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	What genre of music does u;nee produce
www.freebase.com/m/01lf_l4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	what category of music is beloved
www.freebase.com/m/035qpq6	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was nearly god released 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05mvmtt	what is an album by Patrick Watson?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gcf02z	Name a professional actor.
www.freebase.com/m/0g4vph	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	what style of music does meg & dia  make
www.freebase.com/m/0bxpsn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is amealco de bonfil located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mxr5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05mph	where is pawnee county located?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrx8n	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which european country is sweet revenge from
www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/05_z42	what is a satire television show?
www.freebase.com/m/0c5vg6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	Name thekominas's music genre.
www.freebase.com/m/06cp5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dz93n	Name a rapcore artist
www.freebase.com/m/0zhdr4p	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01l5t1g	Who composed ashtabula
www.freebase.com/m/03hjqsx	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does bryan kelly play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0crv75n	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bkg87	Name a song from the muqaddar ka faisla film soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/0f4kc4c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v0y6	who made the recording auf dem gletscher
www.freebase.com/m/0c6kcq	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01pxg	What is giulio cantoni profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01ptp0l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	what genre of music is the album holy war in?
www.freebase.com/m/03k9dt	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bl4y0m	Who did the set decoration for the film two brothers?
www.freebase.com/m/05npxg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0kt5vrk	what tv series was directed by james mangold
www.freebase.com/m/06t2t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0pcm36p	what football player was born in singapore
www.freebase.com/m/0k0g65k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of film is kara no ky≈çkai: oblivion recorder?
www.freebase.com/m/0qts3	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/019fz	who was franklin named after?
www.freebase.com/m/03xrhpj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	How was piano concerto no. 2 released
www.freebase.com/m/0vr8b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is paw paw in?
www.freebase.com/m/01rqk3q	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc2t3	What content of music does the duhks record?
www.freebase.com/m/045bdx	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0n2jh	what county is john hardin from
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_hwmpf	What's a song by butch walker
www.freebase.com/m/09ll5f	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01l3mk3	who composed the song the way we were?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyyg3x	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0wxp	what platform is the arcade machine played on 
www.freebase.com/m/051jsfy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/01f6pt	what larger series is outlook 2007 for dummies a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0ds2n	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0587vh	what was one of the larger themes of independence day (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0n2tx	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0ysz3	what is a city in auglaize county 
www.freebase.com/m/0_lq_z2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/014qry	what is the birthplace of jo√´l vanhoebrouck
www.freebase.com/m/04z_nx9	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is rob moretti's job?
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bmjtpz	Who's a country musician from america
www.freebase.com/m/01l3lx	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/037nm	in what group can the island group antilles be found
www.freebase.com/m/010mn0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027d4cc	Who is from south boston
www.freebase.com/m/0fxjjq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what is the topic of the written piece scar tissue
www.freebase.com/m/06w7xmc	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02ktrs	Who was in attendance at michael jackson memorial service
www.freebase.com/m/026rb6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01y58d	where was daniel bekono originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0gl3jh5	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/01_g9d	Which dish uses the ingredient turkey meat?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmf5zr	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	what position does curtis marsh, jr. play?
www.freebase.com/m/03c4pjv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01nr18	which county has the mocioaia river running through it
www.freebase.com/m/06hb_	www.freebase.com/internet/website/category	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	What kind of website is rpgnet?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch78r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is mike bullock's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0knhk	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0flpph	which songs has scorpions composed
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02pxnhy	what's a live album by dio?
www.freebase.com/m/02sjp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fykbn1	Whats the name of an album by ennio morricone
www.freebase.com/m/0b77mn4	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/03w9nzl	what type of architectural style does shingle style architecture use
www.freebase.com/m/01hb49	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02tqlg	What is martin buber known for being
www.freebase.com/m/01j1bkk	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	Which instrument did the member nichole nordeman play
www.freebase.com/m/04f_tzk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lbl6	Where was yan shunkai born
www.freebase.com/m/0ddhlv6	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0d5sb	where did the muslim conflict in gansu take place
www.freebase.com/m/05632r	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd8	what rating did the film southland tales receive
www.freebase.com/m/04vfb6v	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03v9fx	who was the author of a beautiful mind
www.freebase.com/m/03cq0_b	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	What is jessie small most famous for
www.freebase.com/m/07f9yy	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	which musical instrument is played by sebastienfansite
www.freebase.com/m/04xdszj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0cd78	What is the subject of the book "The Collected Writings of John Maynard Keynes"?
www.freebase.com/m/05lnk0	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0dglv4	Which fictional character did tom defalco create?
www.freebase.com/m/0g31bxy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0drh2ml	what song is in bridge to terabithia
www.freebase.com/m/03bfn3g	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What region was friday night at the trabi races released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmsn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of movie is slam from the street: vol. 1: the original
www.freebase.com/m/0frn1vy	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0knhk	who made moment of glory 
www.freebase.com/m/035gxbl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l9596p	what is a track off trafalgar
www.freebase.com/m/01zfw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtz_l	which drug contains ciprofloxacin as its active ingredient 
www.freebase.com/m/01mbfd9	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/08fq2h	who is shyne's father
www.freebase.com/m/0ff64g8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lq78g	what tracks are on set it off
www.freebase.com/m/0drq474	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m9x3lg	What's a track off the release the very best of ultravox
www.freebase.com/m/0bmj5z0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is unleashed
www.freebase.com/m/02r7hw8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0266536	where is shirantha goonatilake's death place
www.freebase.com/m/01nfn_	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/05f4s3	What airline is located at cape town international airport
www.freebase.com/m/0gq39v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/016bf5	Where is karnataka institute of medical sciences located?
www.freebase.com/m/03f5nlk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05g8n	what company is the invisible with?
www.freebase.com/m/04vx58m	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	what type of book binding is empire of the sun
www.freebase.com/m/03l_bh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xs05c	what is rohtang pass
www.freebase.com/m/02r88_w	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03mstc	who directed cruise cat
www.freebase.com/m/0kyx53p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0w8sxq	What's the recorded version of madagascar
www.freebase.com/m/0zbkr	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/0hz03jb	What is the name of the newspaper is circulation in coweta?
www.freebase.com/m/01ltwfp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is back to the future: the very best of jodeci
www.freebase.com/m/02x7sy	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06s8rq6	what did dave cockrum create
www.freebase.com/m/0bx0x4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/0fx57	what power did johnny sorrow have
www.freebase.com/m/01l6023	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is australia
www.freebase.com/m/03gnkg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nnx7hq	what are some songs by gene clark?
www.freebase.com/m/02p7d5c	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/product/stage_of_development	www.freebase.com/m/04dwr9y	which stage of development is xyrem in
www.freebase.com/m/02www89	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01wdcxk	who was the lyricist behind the composition heather
www.freebase.com/m/0yb04f_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is by george
www.freebase.com/m/04g3g3q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljtp	what notable type is the cabrini medical center?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6bdc_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is s√∂ren link's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0c4w7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	What is peter wilby's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/03qfrjj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of institution is clara barton high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0m12_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mgfs	Where is langres contained by
www.freebase.com/m/02wbf96	www.freebase.com/education/school_mascot/school	www.freebase.com/m/01s7pm	who is paydirt pete the mascot for
www.freebase.com/m/020s9gb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06s1c92	Who was birthed in dickson city, pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/01q6tj5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0z5kv8	what is a hound dog track
www.freebase.com/m/06fr3r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where in new york city is jefferson market library located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0tfc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what was adam smith
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y0ty7	which objects orbits around the sun
www.freebase.com/m/04lgzvn	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position does maksym hramm play 
www.freebase.com/m/01673g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	which contenent contains mount parnassus
www.freebase.com/m/06chvn	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/035168	what is the film that was produced by jerry weintraub?
www.freebase.com/m/01ty7t5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	what genre does the undecided perform in
www.freebase.com/m/0czl3q	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/027k1y4	what is an example of moorish revival architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/03qjqkr	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/02d3wg	which range is fir mountain in
www.freebase.com/m/0cgzd6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What type of school is cardinal spellman high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffw0v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of salvatore bruno?
www.freebase.com/m/0bgwz7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/0bgwv9	what was the episode before sexual harassment (the office)
www.freebase.com/m/01jndm6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was bbc radio 1: live in concert released
www.freebase.com/m/039rzl	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/breed_of	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what kind of animal is an irish setter
www.freebase.com/m/05b659l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is luisa rossi's nationality  
www.freebase.com/m/0fdv3	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fx2s	What is the subject of the star wars episode iii: revenge of the sith?
www.freebase.com/m/04wf79p	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	which genre is the book the unselfishness of god and how i discovered it under
www.freebase.com/m/06l3bl	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t12h7	What work is about epic film?
www.freebase.com/m/047slxn	www.freebase.com/book/author/series_written_or_contributed_to	www.freebase.com/m/0cp961w	what series has chris morris been involved in?
www.freebase.com/m/0194x	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/08zpmn	Who is an artist associated with baroque?
www.freebase.com/m/0j7tnzg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	who wrote t.m.i.
www.freebase.com/m/0blgl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/04qn24	what program was created by  charles m. schulz
www.freebase.com/m/0wgm81s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0w6zmgb	what season did the tv episode texas  belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03nsxzp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/035tl3	who is the developer of the videogame guitar hero: aerosmith?
www.freebase.com/m/01w4bvx	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0n9_jm	what is a track produced from cut chemist
www.freebase.com/m/0j774sv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	what film genre is star wars gangsta rap video?
www.freebase.com/m/0zxslds	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01pp1sx	What woman composed one hit?
www.freebase.com/m/05b0l8p	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position did choi chang-yong play 
www.freebase.com/m/06zt66y	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0chdmy	who composed the film killer instinct
www.freebase.com/m/0bh9lz5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c031k6	what kind of show is animal cops: miami?
www.freebase.com/m/039_2w	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/space_mission/astronauts	www.freebase.com/m/02d21n	which astronaut was in the space mission soyuz tma-1
www.freebase.com/m/0b_xt2d	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0t6hk	where in the united was the innocent party filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/01p31jf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0cv9t5	what label is the the delmore brothers under 
www.freebase.com/m/01nz44p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is Vesta Williams?
www.freebase.com/m/03p41f7	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/rocket_engine_status/rocket_engines	www.freebase.com/m/07ffmj	What's a rocket that has been flown
www.freebase.com/m/063jfj2	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of art is depicted in river landscape
www.freebase.com/m/05mxk7k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	Where is the artist juju from?
www.freebase.com/m/0km4ywj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0109fz0	what is the album name that contains the recording komodo?
www.freebase.com/m/04ghfqk	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/072twv	Who did the film art direction for i love melvin
www.freebase.com/m/0rw078	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n220f	what artist did the recording heather
www.freebase.com/m/01p0s6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0hrf05b	who is associated with the social realism art period movement
www.freebase.com/m/0s4qt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gvghrf	What's a college in des plaines, illinois
www.freebase.com/m/027r7p6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/02csf	what type of art form is herb jackson
www.freebase.com/m/0jjw	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8skk	What is a book that deals mainly with art
www.freebase.com/m/01m6pxf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre of music does the album breathe feature
www.freebase.com/m/09p0ntw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the film happy tears from
www.freebase.com/m/04tqzpc	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0d_n__	who was the publisher for dialogues of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/0dw20n	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bytfv	Who did the costume design for her alibi
www.freebase.com/m/0ggnsp4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is restore america's country of origin
www.freebase.com/m/0487_	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_team/home_games	www.freebase.com/m/0791mk4	The kansas city chiefs were the home team in what game?
www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j78mf	which 1978 albums were released by warner bros. records?
www.freebase.com/m/06_13w3	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/03gknw	The james whitcomb riley museum home got its name from what person?
www.freebase.com/m/01wt_5	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_series/games_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/0d6flp	What's a game from the series front mission
www.freebase.com/m/09gl9dn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country did bob sherman die in
www.freebase.com/m/0hr435_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre is the album 4 songs
www.freebase.com/m/01gvxv	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language does gena rowlands speak?
www.freebase.com/m/03p1zq6	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/01sn3	which city was dei holdings inc founded 
www.freebase.com/m/0bt23	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vbwlz	what book did jack london publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3m81y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fttpl2	what is a song off of from beyond: the ultimate sci-fi collection?
www.freebase.com/m/0crcnqf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08322	What type of show is master swordsman lu xiaofeng 2?
www.freebase.com/m/04f0myz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/025mrq	what is the artist from the album songs of scotland
www.freebase.com/m/026c43z	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/0gwy_l	who is a mutant in marvel comics
www.freebase.com/m/06w3pqn	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country is cowan lake within
www.freebase.com/m/0jxmyr9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01tflp	what's the active ingredient of number ten mold mixture
www.freebase.com/m/0fr3vrp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n8q1j	who is the artist of the foundation
www.freebase.com/m/01w18lv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	which record label did captain beefheart belong to
www.freebase.com/m/041ftf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	which city in canada did ian tyson orginated from?
www.freebase.com/m/07lyw_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	What kind of movie is red rock west?
www.freebase.com/m/0gp856	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	in what major conflict did jack rayner participate
www.freebase.com/m/0x0fj	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What is the time zone for advance?
www.freebase.com/m/09r4v4	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0y7fy	where did battle of the thousand islands happen?
www.freebase.com/m/02fgp0	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/02vkgmb	what lyrics were written by howard ashman?
www.freebase.com/m/0by1hkb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is lou bevil's job 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtl_7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is riomet?
www.freebase.com/m/058f71	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	Which genre of film is rock star (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/03dtlym	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the postal code 07470 located in
www.freebase.com/m/09n3p2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is darian weiss' gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkrlc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	what kind of music is london known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0bqc_	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/governing_body_of_protected_sites/protected_sites_governed	www.freebase.com/m/0drnx7	What is a site that is protected by the united states forest service?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026s63l	Who plays defender in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/02q4pm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/023b97	where was osvaldo golijov born?
www.freebase.com/m/01zccd8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l2v0	What county uses the area code 93452?
www.freebase.com/m/096zpr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03w9csj	who developed sega soccer slam
www.freebase.com/m/02qjv2q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type for 6 days to nowhere
www.freebase.com/m/0xv6g9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mt_pkp	What song is happy days a version of
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrh3p	which topical drug contains zinc oxide?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_2x65	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0326fbg	which album contains the track four corners?
www.freebase.com/m/07v9lj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	what is the late captain pierce known to be
www.freebase.com/m/04gkk9f	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	forever more is what kind of album
www.freebase.com/m/07kgkzf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cv3w	Where in nevada did ted quillin die
www.freebase.com/m/06tgw	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/01990g	what is an administrative division in somalia
www.freebase.com/m/0s8x92x	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what was the shrine painted on
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/06czq8	who is a jewish person?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyxnbr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is chris berkenkamp's gender identity
www.freebase.com/m/01vkz9r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	under what genre does the artist tom langford perform in
www.freebase.com/m/0f34pdk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cm8wk	which artist records cuba?
www.freebase.com/m/059kh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01p27g5	Name a new wave music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0nnxff	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fkcwy1	which song is part of piano suite: over it
www.freebase.com/m/0drby6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01snm	what city and state is winton place in?
www.freebase.com/m/04w203h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dp09y	What is the subject of lost prophet: the life and times of bayard rustin 
www.freebase.com/m/02qnd1b	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02x5fjn	Who died from ballistic trauma?
www.freebase.com/m/01w7gtt	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is the occupation of roope siren
www.freebase.com/m/0gkyvs8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	what label does  v√°clav ≈Ω√°ƒçek belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01hhbqv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04n7jdv	What kind of music is on the album follow the leader
www.freebase.com/m/04f0vqc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of tv show is the eleventh hour
www.freebase.com/m/0gd8g14	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03dpf	who was the artist of the recording a lady fair, of lineage high
www.freebase.com/m/0crvh3z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What type of film is beyond honor?
www.freebase.com/m/02w89_b	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/021bp2	what kind of game is football manager 2008?
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crszsh	what movie has theme as music
www.freebase.com/m/060p18	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/078c11	What is a game domark developed?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6wjn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	where was  andrzej pa≈Çys born
www.freebase.com/m/01qkbx	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdfyz	What is the name of a professional book by john c. maxwell?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_rr41	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_rr4s	which tracks were a part of the album genetics?
www.freebase.com/m/05plf2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country does john hollinger belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0j2nk	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which european country is brighton and hove in 
www.freebase.com/m/07yxbm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	What is zarrko's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0hhtl2p	Who's a venezuelan third baseman
www.freebase.com/m/04cvn9k	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hhxzgm	Who is the executive producer of stay cool?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw2f	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is charleston in?
www.freebase.com/m/02zjs8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	what type of game is lode runner
www.freebase.com/m/07l4y28	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	which country does netflix say 25 carat comes from
www.freebase.com/m/046gt8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xplm	where is the location of mary eleanor wilkins freeman's death
www.freebase.com/m/01mfj	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/03mb3z9	what is a computer hardware company
www.freebase.com/m/0677ng	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/05n9w4	what song is by swizz beatz
www.freebase.com/m/0bx5w2y	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03knl	who is the producer of lackawanna blues 
www.freebase.com/m/06yjc4j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/06yjc49	what show is robin williams from?
www.freebase.com/m/04w27sr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	What is highgate rise written about 
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03c_s7r	who plays the piano?
www.freebase.com/m/054zxnt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dhml	what city and state contain rose hill manor
www.freebase.com/m/0dz_bx1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dz_bx4	What is a track on the release kiss on my list?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsqdy	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is the lonate pozzolo located in
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01ncwzq	Name an electronic music artist
www.freebase.com/m/04jj02	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is william oxenham a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/04xpb2q	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01llc7	who is the publisher of the book edition fire to fire? 
www.freebase.com/m/06728l	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjp9	what types of game is plaque attack
www.freebase.com/m/0_5kmbz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is miles hindman male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03gw_c2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01b8jj	which places are located near gold creek dam?
www.freebase.com/m/0mvfd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0_pm0	What is the name of a city located in charles mix county, south dakota?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtyxn7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0jdtt	What is the origin of m√©lissa m
www.freebase.com/m/028lv	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/040hbh2	what is a game that can be played on dos
www.freebase.com/m/0g733l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	what state is toledo public schools in?
www.freebase.com/m/080hmgb	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/0cx45	what is the function of brigham city utah temple
www.freebase.com/m/03gg1h6	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016ppr	who sings heaven 1580am
www.freebase.com/m/03c6_2r	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	in what language was for the love of a girl filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bby23c	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/024rv1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0shljzw	What is the name of a track by artist gidon kremer?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0vp3	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wd5r7	What is a book that was written about the september 11 attacks
www.freebase.com/m/0dgll3	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/02xhc2p	What is the superhero power of angel dust (comics)
www.freebase.com/m/07k9qhm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	What is the netflix genre of the film pistol: the birth of a legend?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0byh62	What is the name of a public school
www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/side_effect_of	www.freebase.com/m/01kl4_	what plant can cause stroke
www.freebase.com/m/0dv4__w	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was up released
www.freebase.com/m/0hgrv71	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what film genre is out of sight, out of mind?
www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs4by	which drug formulations are biologic?
www.freebase.com/m/03vtny	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	what instrument does damien rice play 
www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crxwtk	Name a parody film.
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/04f_8cm	name an asteroid you would find in a asteroid belt 
www.freebase.com/m/0d7n3m	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/congressional_caucus_memberships	www.freebase.com/m/07x60s	what congressional membership does  tim walberg belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0fpxs8f	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	Which country was the origin of the film bitter snow
www.freebase.com/m/02r3p85	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	What position does mike varty play
www.freebase.com/m/0264ny5	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/014tss	what kingdom was involved in battle of restigouche
www.freebase.com/m/047qc3m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	Where is fairbairn college?
www.freebase.com/m/07v64s	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01rh1dp	whats an artist that makes  baroque pop 
www.freebase.com/m/06yxtq	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/0dkxm	what causes onychomycosis
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtck5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	how is zicam dosed 
www.freebase.com/m/0358g4q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vd1_6	what is a song is on the release bangalore
www.freebase.com/m/04g0c34	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where did iglu & hartly get their start
www.freebase.com/m/0554st9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fly	where is warragamba river located in
www.freebase.com/m/07vfj	www.freebase.com/education/university/fraternities_and_sororities	www.freebase.com/m/03tx10	What's a frat that operates at university of rochester
www.freebase.com/m/026dts2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	what video game genre is iron man
www.freebase.com/m/04j1lnc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What genre is the film "Love Bites"?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7vmy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is 1389 onnie
www.freebase.com/m/08952d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04l30b	In what lab is the isis neutron source located?
www.freebase.com/m/01t0cn_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	the album klopfzeichen  is what type 
www.freebase.com/m/01pjl14	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	what genre of music does the artist kimberley locke belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7qjl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01cwhp	who participated in the album the best of celine dion
www.freebase.com/m/0wxq020	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/05r1_t	What competition involved the ultimate fighter: team rousey vs. team tate
www.freebase.com/m/0nbwf	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/08vdts	What is a neighborhood located in long beach, california?
www.freebase.com/m/06p6zh	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vdy53	whats the name of the edition of the book  the game
www.freebase.com/m/01vw8mh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wtl40	which track is produced by snoop dogg
www.freebase.com/m/07nb8_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01914	where in china did zhang juzheng die
www.freebase.com/m/0cs0bd5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01zhp	what genre on netflix is ritual path
www.freebase.com/m/02v_bwb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where was timothy drury born 
www.freebase.com/m/0523k5j	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What job is roy mack famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0343gd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What type of art form is elaine de kooning known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0yxrk0f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is a quest for peace: nonviolence among religions 
www.freebase.com/m/04lhn7b	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0t_2	which language is spoken by south african american
www.freebase.com/m/0d8b6y6	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03cz1sj	Who directed boss of bullion city?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbyt9n	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/09pctj	who is the primary villain in the book earth begotten?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0qps01p	What is the name of a documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/05qhltf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01d4ls	who wrote dealers choice?
www.freebase.com/m/04bcj84	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	which state is marshville located in
www.freebase.com/m/01m1tq3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tw0t	who is the artist on black man's cry
www.freebase.com/m/0fw99b	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	what state did the 1933 outer banks hurricane affect
www.freebase.com/m/0gfywj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what kind of school is start high school?
www.freebase.com/m/04ch36	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what gameplay modes are available for elasto mania
www.freebase.com/m/032sh0	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bykpk	what film did gregg toland do the cinematography for
www.freebase.com/m/0gdqzt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of music does theplight play?
www.freebase.com/m/026cc5v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	what television genre is video warrior laserion?
www.freebase.com/m/01jc_f1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what is the genre of the Tesla album released in 1990
www.freebase.com/m/06www	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025wq9y	name some steampunk books
www.freebase.com/m/04w254s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	what is the subject of hope in the dark
www.freebase.com/m/019vv1	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	What is one of the school colors of the charterhouse school
www.freebase.com/m/0mry5jg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fwny0_	Who released the track birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02gs6r	What is the name of the 1989 Hayao Miyazaki film?
www.freebase.com/m/09xqv	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/052m9f	What is the lower classification for the gryllidae
www.freebase.com/m/0glntr4	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01myk9	Who put together the music for the movie dans les rues
www.freebase.com/m/0df219	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01fhdvh	which dj mix album is by nu:tone
www.freebase.com/m/0j1hf15	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02pjxr	what profession is raymond chan
www.freebase.com/m/03c70hy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	since the film guilty was shot with no audio, it is what kind of film?
www.freebase.com/m/03vhr4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01mjq	what country was in the mirror of maya deren released in
www.freebase.com/m/06sv0d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is rudra mohammad shahidullah
www.freebase.com/m/03c7967	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h850x	what is grand canyon depot
www.freebase.com/m/0f8sw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_flavor/drugs_with_this_flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0jxtcyh	what is a drug with cherry flavor 
www.freebase.com/m/0362n4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	where did erik gustaf bostr√∂m pass away 
www.freebase.com/m/013pp3	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/01q64j	What's a work by philip roth
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0wq12r7	What is a 2010 fantasy movie
www.freebase.com/m/03yjsp4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What set of beliefs does john day follow
www.freebase.com/m/033xtdk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was thirsty work released 
www.freebase.com/m/02rr7sp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02lbc	where was johann christian kittel born
www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0kf9p	what city used pacific time zone in Japan
www.freebase.com/m/0fvmff	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/080ntlp	what is ion dragoumis known for 
www.freebase.com/m/06sryv3	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position did ben stephens play?
www.freebase.com/m/086j88	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0489w	Who composed hero of the day
www.freebase.com/m/01rr06q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	What genre does graf orlock perform?
www.freebase.com/m/09gg0bb	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the primary language of neutral port
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gj6fz	What italian region is a part of the central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/02gnxj	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0jz71	What 1936 film did gregory la cava write?
www.freebase.com/m/01pp6j3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was released as?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j48_q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is at last sung
www.freebase.com/m/05bcl	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dwfw	what is a county in northern ireland
www.freebase.com/m/03jgg9	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kr4vj	What is cesky terrier's temperance?
www.freebase.com/m/012wg	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zhrhny	what lyrics have alan jay lerner written
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdhst	which book's subject is the united states
www.freebase.com/m/03d_m6x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wzt9y	what is a song by jerry leiber 
www.freebase.com/m/0mprd	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/010bzz	which census designated place is found in willacy county
www.freebase.com/m/03yxsk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country did the program fireball xl5 originate in?
www.freebase.com/m/074lj9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	what state was rosalind wiener wyman born in
www.freebase.com/m/04j1ywv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What type of film is strauss: the king of three quarter time technically
www.freebase.com/m/06zn2t	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0355dz	What position does basketball player damien wilkins play?
www.freebase.com/m/025wfp_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what is the genre of the phoenix
www.freebase.com/m/0cv1h	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04vyf2	What's a conflict that took place in washington county
www.freebase.com/m/0278c7	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the art form of the visual artist max magnus norman
www.freebase.com/m/0k_s5	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02mkcs	What city in the greater los angeles area is used to film movies?
www.freebase.com/m/0j700xc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0gcs9	Who is the lyricist of the song shackled and drawn
www.freebase.com/m/0147dk	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03cy8qf	Who is the oldest son of will smith?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtxrp	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0wcylw7	What is a track on wildcard (pennywise ep)
www.freebase.com/m/0tsywm7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	What genre is the band east india youth?
www.freebase.com/m/031md_9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was shake me up released in
www.freebase.com/m/04jhtd6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does poghos galstyan identify with
www.freebase.com/m/04wbkbs	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	what is the book bulletproof offshore asset protection about
www.freebase.com/m/0vxqgvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Kaspar Munk?
www.freebase.com/m/01rzyrh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what type of music is the album per... un mondo di cristallo?
www.freebase.com/m/0txw9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	which east coast state is stockton located in
www.freebase.com/m/0k54zt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	What is the name of the city where walter bullock died?
www.freebase.com/m/0281brt	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/07_qp	who is seepersad naipaul's child
www.freebase.com/m/0gg8r34	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0qjx0	what is the musician for what a wonderful world
www.freebase.com/m/0c40d2n	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system is 10479 yiqunchen in 
www.freebase.com/m/0j14_3r	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0318mh	what ethnic group  is matti ij√§s a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0j5db3k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is ghetta life?
www.freebase.com/m/02z3krd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is spoken in inaam dus hazaar
www.freebase.com/m/01m97sd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/013w7j	which artist released the saga continues
www.freebase.com/m/0bbd9xx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What type of composition is il voyage en solitaire?
www.freebase.com/m/03d_m	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/019z7q	who did george eliot influence
www.freebase.com/m/04j157d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what genre is house of danger 
www.freebase.com/m/0fz8qbw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is jay mcguiness regarded as
www.freebase.com/m/07xg38	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of movie is the hole?
www.freebase.com/m/02xhgwq	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/075c2z	Who is a novelist born in 1939?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6fy6f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is abdul ghafoor ahmed a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0p72hbz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is long live sung
www.freebase.com/m/0swk8p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wfbkg	who is the artist of the known recording  50/50
www.freebase.com/m/0llrp	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge_type/bridges_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/047t2nk	Which bridge is a covered bridge?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs6dvf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	is el rapto from mexico or brazil
www.freebase.com/m/05z5lc	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fdw2	Who directed the cook, the thief, his wife & her lover?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmp9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the young nurses spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0b51fz	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	What type of school is curtis high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfv41	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0tyq	what is the architectural style of gordon kaufmann
www.freebase.com/m/01zkft	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/person_in_fiction/representations_in_fiction	www.freebase.com/m/09w69p	What is a fictional representation of krystyna skarbek
www.freebase.com/m/036jbvy	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the physical format of the release clumsy
www.freebase.com/m/0283vqn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what music genre is blues license 
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/05g0bz	what is located in the mountain time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/03hhm3g	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what film genre is the order of myths under netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0k0drs7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of jerry cavallaro?
www.freebase.com/m/01vzx45	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0qhds3s	What is a notable album released by coolio
www.freebase.com/m/03y76mj	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system does 7688 lothar belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/041dc9	Which drama featured Bruce Lee as the leading actor?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjg6cy	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02_fj	Who recorded the album titled the voice
www.freebase.com/m/023j8f	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what kind of book is night
www.freebase.com/m/0dr9d5n	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album content is house anthems?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8sjw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What film genre does tides to and fro fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0h53ch5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	what is david wilson's most known for in sports?
www.freebase.com/m/032l93l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cf_zv	What track was featured in the cuts release
www.freebase.com/m/04g2cph	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02kff6	what organization was founded by david brevik?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbwq5g	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	where did zygmunt hobot die?
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/081c8r	Which artist is from the heavy metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/0h23vs	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	What is the profession of mel farr, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/03g_zq6	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0dqvl8	who was dawes point battery named after 
www.freebase.com/m/0bsk9t	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/086pg3	what company produces penn & teller's smoke and mirrors
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv6v7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of levetiracetam 250 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0crfjw6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which country did the film mutharamkunnu p.o. come from
www.freebase.com/m/0bwjxms	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01m1y	What genre of music is cadence spalding?
www.freebase.com/m/02pmlb3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fztc6	what kind of film is ninaithen vandhai?
www.freebase.com/m/0sj7k5w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dt1cm	Who recorded hustler's story
www.freebase.com/m/04gl01d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/014vm4	where was song xiaoqun born 
www.freebase.com/m/01yd8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02k7dhd	who is a child of bridget fonda
www.freebase.com/m/04wbb81	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07wh1	what is the subject of the written work of zachary taylor?
www.freebase.com/m/04g2464	www.freebase.com/time/recurring_event/instances	www.freebase.com/m/0bx7s8	what recurring year did world artistic gymnastics championships take place 
www.freebase.com/m/04mznm4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country created mercury 
www.freebase.com/m/03v7qx	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/027ftz3	what book is foaly from
www.freebase.com/m/02prj2c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kr_	What contains savant lake?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04g1bw1	What is the name of a documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/01b7h8	www.freebase.com/base/realitytv/reality_tv_season/contestants	www.freebase.com/m/0bhslx	who was a contestant on american idol?
www.freebase.com/m/0fmsx	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/01c4pv	what country is  ashgabat from
www.freebase.com/m/05zwqn4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what country gives nationality to gennadi styopushkin
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs5m7s	what is the title of a movie that is a  documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/0208pb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0fzbx	What is the occupation of fictional character dick grayson?
www.freebase.com/m/0v09sjk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	Which american city was carlo vogel born in?
www.freebase.com/m/09qds	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01f9gb	Which genre of music does goldie record?
www.freebase.com/m/06vbd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01_v8p	what border city would you find in  syria 
www.freebase.com/m/0gcfrr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ch3cb5	Who was born in bandel?
www.freebase.com/m/0150m1	www.freebase.com/music/featured_artist/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0y4rxn4	what is an album that features chad kroeger
www.freebase.com/m/06z49	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdm0_	What is a book about slavery?
www.freebase.com/m/03m8v9x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mgfs	in which region is ramerupt located
www.freebase.com/m/017323	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01tywry	who is a delta blues artist
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03s59_	what is a book in the science fiction genre?
www.freebase.com/m/09qgm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crx1l1	what is the title of a snowboarding  netflix film
www.freebase.com/m/09lhqf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05hwn	Where is pakistan air force academy located?
www.freebase.com/m/02f1c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0v1kmkl	name an album done by dolly parton
www.freebase.com/m/05r4k7	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/02jd_7	what is production company of the film barfly?
www.freebase.com/m/02q2cbw	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/067t4w	what type of radio station is kzym
www.freebase.com/m/04f_d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02s2ft	Who was born in kansas city, missouri?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbqqpl	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_series	www.freebase.com/m/027pbf	what film series is cremaster 1 apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0h7lqy4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is tatja grimm's world
www.freebase.com/m/01wmp92	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02m__	Where was matthew locke born?
www.freebase.com/m/033jvvd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was lonely house released 
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0whdzfj	what is a japanese animation tv show
www.freebase.com/m/04vbv_g	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/040dv	who is the author of persuasion (everyman's library classics)
www.freebase.com/m/01wk5tb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qfvwb9	What is the name of a track by sarah jory
www.freebase.com/m/08nhwb	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/01gkcc	which disease is included in the respiratory disease
www.freebase.com/m/0fl9c0q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fjbh87	whats a track on the release  deus ex machina
www.freebase.com/m/0bfp4s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	great salkeld is a part of what sovereign state?
www.freebase.com/m/03fw4k	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gqfsr	What film did vidhu vinod chopra produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0crt3h5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	what netflix genre is the title santiago 
www.freebase.com/m/0kzc3kh	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	what platform was 7 sins released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0g1zn5p	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	What label is sanremo rock signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0lgw7	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/064ksr3	Name a famous photographer
www.freebase.com/m/0hqnx77	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where can you purchase pain relief extra strength 500 coated tablets?
www.freebase.com/m/05kkxc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03_c8p	What publisher released singstar vol. 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0zym	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in high school stories
www.freebase.com/m/0prpt	www.freebase.com/time/recurring_event/instances	www.freebase.com/m/05b_t14	when did the cannes film festival take place
www.freebase.com/m/06193l	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0g284	what's one major city that the r24 route travels through
www.freebase.com/m/07622gx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	What kind of art is rue montargueil with flags
www.freebase.com/m/04wcbck	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre of book is la flor del oeste?
www.freebase.com/m/02scd0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02wwcss	which album has the artist boyd rice in it?
www.freebase.com/m/0mb5x	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01gqj5	Which English playwright did harold pinter influence? 
www.freebase.com/m/03h2p5	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/02vztsj	what marvel character did gene colan create
www.freebase.com/m/0dyg4ms	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dyg4d6	what is a recording from ambassador
www.freebase.com/m/0d9l1	www.freebase.com/film/film_series/films_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4lr	What is one of the looney tunes films?
www.freebase.com/m/02f752	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what genre of music does wax poetic compose?
www.freebase.com/m/09v8szz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	where was lise lindb√¶k born
www.freebase.com/m/02ptkf	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/space_mission/astronauts	www.freebase.com/m/02tw9_	Who was an astronaut on sts-111
www.freebase.com/m/016t0h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dncvng	which tracks did a-ha produce?
www.freebase.com/m/04g36p5	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/054c1	WHo is a child of deloris peoples
www.freebase.com/m/04wc6t1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05bmq	what is the subject of the book sands of silence
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fy59g	What is a 2008 indie film?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc0sk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what genre is the unknown purple 
www.freebase.com/m/0fn4cg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is lourdes benedicto from
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0j9ls3x	Which program is apart of the romance film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/01tm7m2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fzhmq5	which track is created by schicke-f√ºhrs-fr√∂hling
www.freebase.com/m/04xq7zf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0284c56	who was the author editor of glass people
www.freebase.com/m/01pq01	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	what area did hurricane alicia affect
www.freebase.com/m/05sz8xm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	who is merlin kopp
www.freebase.com/m/02w1fr7	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	What country is mele≈ü river in?
www.freebase.com/m/09v0vy1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04n7jdv	what kind of music is richy nix associated with
www.freebase.com/m/04v_zqn	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01qqfy	who is the author editor of the work lirael?
www.freebase.com/m/0fn_m	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05b5p18	Who is a notable person that was born in asuncion
www.freebase.com/m/02rsjjx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	Where did karel frederik wenckebach pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1jqx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	who discovered 11836 eileen
www.freebase.com/m/0nn3hd6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nq05x7	What track is soul train a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/03hnz5s	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Is 20/20 vision an ep or an album
www.freebase.com/m/01ckh5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dzz_	what is a county located in woolsthorpe-by-colsterworth
www.freebase.com/m/0_1dgd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c9v6	Who is the artist that recorded the mikado: act i. ‚Äúyoung man, despair‚Äù 
www.freebase.com/m/0g9gd8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is ernest jay's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04w23__	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05ws7	what is maigret and the wine merchant about
www.freebase.com/m/07jxly	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01515d	what ability does majin buu have?
www.freebase.com/m/08cbkx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	what city did pyotr durnovo die in?
www.freebase.com/m/0284kmk	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05z_p6	who is bedlam directed by
www.freebase.com/m/0hqshtk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the status of the drug azopt
www.freebase.com/m/0qc5gp8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What genre is paraseed?
www.freebase.com/m/0ckq2	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	what diet does apple sauce follow?
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v77l4	Who is a musician signed to columbia records?
www.freebase.com/m/05t0byt	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what is spoken in a night in tuscany
www.freebase.com/m/02p7d3k	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/03z__9	which book series does oy appear in 
www.freebase.com/m/04yff0_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What kind of film is first squad?
www.freebase.com/m/0crsnq3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country did the film little erin merryweather come from
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_qvz12	What is the name of an animation film?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6b9f	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What profession does malcolm stuart boylan hold?
www.freebase.com/m/0mthzxq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fyzf_f	what release has the track anger management
www.freebase.com/m/0ftf0f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljyt	What is florida gators football known for?
www.freebase.com/m/01v75dg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k9r0w	What's a release from bryn jones
www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02csk8	what is in oregon?
www.freebase.com/m/0xshd	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/09g_sh	where would commercial airplanes be located near rocky hill
www.freebase.com/m/09xbq4	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02bm1v	WHich company published pax imperia: eminent domain
www.freebase.com/m/04191d	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0b3pvlx	what is associated in german expressionism?
www.freebase.com/m/014zy	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zlc0kx	what song did arlo guthrie write the lyrics to
www.freebase.com/m/09ww46	www.freebase.com/theater/play/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0557q	what type of play is two by two?
www.freebase.com/m/026fq9h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of victor zotov
www.freebase.com/m/04xpy0s	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03mtdp	Who edited the book coast to coast
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0264ttw	what tv program is documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/0dsztzg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m6blv	Whats the name of a track off made in england
www.freebase.com/m/0k_fc_z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0329c9w	which release is the track another day on
www.freebase.com/m/02rd_kl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09jw2	what type of music is the album let it rock
www.freebase.com/m/0jzpc8s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of shaun michelle
www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04967ym	what is located in louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/0d_prhc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mf7vcc	what is a song on the album houston
www.freebase.com/m/036zx6	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/065h4x	what is the language family of marshallese language?
www.freebase.com/m/01njqqy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/014l7k9	what is a track made by cassetteboy
www.freebase.com/m/0j9gg	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/013np4	Who is a parent of charles v, holy roman emperor
www.freebase.com/m/01mp357	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nlrcdz	What is the name of a track by starsplash?
www.freebase.com/m/0jfvs	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gbzy6	Where in Italy is liguria located?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/08dsm3	what program is under the drama genre
www.freebase.com/m/01pspf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ndkbld	Who was born in sombor?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlzw_	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03d6fyn	what company released star trek: voyager elite force
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02q9d7t	What is the name of a city located in canada
www.freebase.com/m/026rk0c	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/08zwspb	Who designed the costumes for little giant?
www.freebase.com/m/06hns7	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	bago, negros occidental is an administrative division in which country?
www.freebase.com/m/01wzdnv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03khn	Which city was vesa enne born?
www.freebase.com/m/02hx9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/more_specific_ingredient	www.freebase.com/m/0hqz128	which specific ingredient is used for naproxen
www.freebase.com/m/0crwd33	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0688f	what language is spoken in main tu assi tussi
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt_4x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/07b33v	what is the drug formulation of terazosin hydrochloride
www.freebase.com/m/07vygv	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/bridges	www.freebase.com/m/0djtnq	What bridge goes over the industrial canal
www.freebase.com/m/0dvplv	www.freebase.com/film/film_featured_song/performed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01972m	who performed the feature song in children of the revolution
www.freebase.com/m/05f46	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/029nlc	What is a language durived from the niger‚Äìcongo languages
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtfmc	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0945j2	what is the active ingredient of the drug fng i
www.freebase.com/m/02r41pc	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is total recall?
www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrt7p	titanium dioxide contains what active ingredient?
www.freebase.com/m/01d3t8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01jnld	what is tariq ibn ziyad's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/04w0t5k	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0521nx3	who is the publisher of utilitarianism
www.freebase.com/m/05y_tvy	www.freebase.com/music/concert_tour/artist	www.freebase.com/m/013w8y	who is the artist featured at the dave matthews band 2009 concert tour
www.freebase.com/m/04ctmwy	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what is the position of football player zvjezdan cvetkoviƒá
www.freebase.com/m/03gpz2	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0dy7xw	what time zone is kish island part of
www.freebase.com/m/0kyx6h	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02wh28	Who is the artist of the album easy does it?
www.freebase.com/m/01rfz	www.freebase.com/book/periodical_subject/periodicals	www.freebase.com/m/03gqkpd	which periodical is mostly about the subject celebrity
www.freebase.com/m/0y1zt	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0dj7p	Which county is tribes hill located in
www.freebase.com/m/071cn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0jw414h	what school is located in syracuse, new york
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0t48_	what cities are in the north american central time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4g112	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/086k8	which production company worked on the film the secret life of walter mitty
www.freebase.com/m/03sl7v	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/026742l	What's an airport near umnak
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0k6yt1	whats the name of an artist on columbia records
www.freebase.com/m/0h353	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0dgq1jc	who is the daughter of muhammad ali
www.freebase.com/m/0h53k00	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	Where was (8495) 1990 qv1 discovered
www.freebase.com/m/06vwp4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was son of frankenstein filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7l8l0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was independ√™ncia released as 
www.freebase.com/m/04jlw18	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	What genre does the film, o.k., fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is denmark within
www.freebase.com/m/05ldts	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04165w	what type of film is david magee
www.freebase.com/m/02p_vn9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0l3td	who writes the tv series barn of fear
www.freebase.com/m/08d46w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mhlq	Witch french department is chevrainvilliers located 
www.freebase.com/m/026n53w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country is high knob located
www.freebase.com/m/01m6wkj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What type of album is no pads, no helmets‚Ä¶ just balls?
www.freebase.com/m/063l423	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what kind of fabric is used in haystacks at the end of summer, morning effect
www.freebase.com/m/01nmtcr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is the room's too cold
www.freebase.com/m/035ptf	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language does a filipino canadian speak
www.freebase.com/m/06t2t	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in singapore
www.freebase.com/m/0g9gm4w	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is le bal du gouverneur in
www.freebase.com/m/0dv453x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is a type of release of plus bleu que tes yeux?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgph5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what kind of book is keith richards?
www.freebase.com/m/01669t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	which nation is hunan located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02qsz37	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is santiago fusilier?
www.freebase.com/m/0j29dyf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01nln	where did  abubakar shekau die
www.freebase.com/m/04d1j75	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what book genre is  the stray
www.freebase.com/m/0481sqm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	where is the location of centercrest
www.freebase.com/m/05b_rxc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/044rv	which was chairul tanjung born
www.freebase.com/m/03pmfw	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera_manufacturer/cameras	www.freebase.com/m/03q2jvc	Name a non SLR digital camera manufactured by nikon
www.freebase.com/m/02r6ywv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06q7n	what type of program is k-ville (tv series)?
www.freebase.com/m/04y0t6	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/0b_mfb8	Who was the film casting director for the film georgia?
www.freebase.com/m/01vdm0	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0dgklmg	which musician plays the electronic keyboard?
www.freebase.com/m/01vykwk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01qy6m	what music is composed by megan martha white
www.freebase.com/m/04gq9k9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of movie is the backyard
www.freebase.com/m/03cp2x0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01nf	what is wedgewood heights, edmonton
www.freebase.com/m/0zwv08h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0zwt__0	what is the title of the series that showed the episode called singapore
www.freebase.com/m/01vk742	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	what types of music is played by thomas donovan
www.freebase.com/m/02qggw5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country does adalita srsen represent
www.freebase.com/m/04bp02x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	which state is bethel located in 
www.freebase.com/m/06rmp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04gb4fx	what kind of organization is southern poverty law center?
www.freebase.com/m/0g11mb_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0gtwscp	who is the author of the book george washington?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7tff	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	where was 7343 ockeghem discovered 
www.freebase.com/m/02q_03n	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	what types of book is the problem of the covered bridge
www.freebase.com/m/05hmx2_	www.freebase.com/interests/collectable_item/collection_category	www.freebase.com/m/015w6q	What kind of a doll is ethereal princess barbie doll
www.freebase.com/m/0bc1bg5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is social briars spoken in 
www.freebase.com/m/02sf_r	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0k2ly2g	Who's a basketball player that plays point guard
www.freebase.com/m/02wbnv	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/07trpq	what game is sony online entertainment make?
www.freebase.com/m/03ykywh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is 3891 werner 
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0413tmd	what is a public school (government funded) in new york 
www.freebase.com/m/0dsr4tn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f73yr	which artist sang ohio?
www.freebase.com/m/057h5j	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release did the early years get?
www.freebase.com/m/0q9hznk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is portrait in music
www.freebase.com/m/02hx481	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	what language family is menka language a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01xm8k7	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0c78m	What is orciprenaline used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/0gg_6q	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	What type of martial art does Hercules Kyvelos do?
www.freebase.com/m/051y6mc	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	what kind of animal is samantha miss 
www.freebase.com/m/0hsmh	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fwzfk	Name one film in which robert wise is the director of
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/09gdzl8	Name someone who plays as a defender
www.freebase.com/m/04mky3	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0319l	Where did george ovey die?
www.freebase.com/m/0gvk4d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What is the nationality of peter butt?
www.freebase.com/m/033zj7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	which country did alfredo kraus die in
www.freebase.com/m/0djwlty	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	in every womans life  was shot in what color
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjb7t	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what is the shape of a atenolol 25 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/05lg2j6	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what license does free trade areas hold
www.freebase.com/m/03vw9m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0161c2	which artist is considered a modern rock musician
www.freebase.com/m/0fs2_3t	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what region released jukebox
www.freebase.com/m/0zb4l7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	which gender does ramunƒó kudzmanaitƒó belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03q45x	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0gyj4x8	whats the name of amy poehler's mom
www.freebase.com/m/0g9cqm0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is thaddeus hyatt from 
www.freebase.com/m/0y9lxw2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is dancemania party
www.freebase.com/m/0rd6b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0by0jd7	who was born in greenwich
www.freebase.com/m/0mljby	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09889g	Which artist recorded the song workin day and night
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0nj2h	What's a county in eastern daylight time
www.freebase.com/m/0bk6nc	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/01hnvr9	what is the soundtrack from london
www.freebase.com/m/035syp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	which hawaiian city is brian gaskill's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0ry4g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is manchester 
www.freebase.com/m/02fc2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0f1hr	What profession does Daniel Dennett have?
www.freebase.com/m/01hq_8w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016psj	What band wrote the album the amalgamut?
www.freebase.com/m/01ltsk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	where in california did  leo g. carroll die
www.freebase.com/m/04rtzl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is don's plum from
www.freebase.com/m/04vj7x0	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/05k0hy	who was the author of forrest gump
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jh3zm	which album is of the soul music genre
www.freebase.com/m/0rthyy7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0rsjv1j	die in your arms is the single from which album 
www.freebase.com/m/0kcl66v	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_producer/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0kdv7pt	theatre producer dasha epstein  has produced what play
www.freebase.com/m/07z69f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	laura neri is a citizen of what european country?
www.freebase.com/m/0l2v0	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	What is san luis obispo county's location within the time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0984lhz	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is chris antonini's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01cf4pt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dncx73	What album is daltons cell a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0j3d90n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre of music does pure love record?
www.freebase.com/m/026t6	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01wcpf4	who is a famous instrumentalist that plays the  drum
www.freebase.com/m/0l3vx_l	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0341n3p	Which release is buenos aires the release track from
www.freebase.com/m/06mvq	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0d57_l	who is a swedish composer?
www.freebase.com/m/0j2_08x	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01qy7b	what military unit was 19th louisiana infantry regiment part of
www.freebase.com/m/07ccch	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01l63	Where is the belfast castle located?
www.freebase.com/m/03ygt3z	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which star system is 9880 stegosaurus apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/01wglss	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfw0z	What's an example of a work from sean paul
www.freebase.com/m/06ntrcr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03vt7j	what distinguished Canadian poet and novelist authored the book, David?
www.freebase.com/m/0c5436	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0dc95	what city is redwood heights a neighborhood of
www.freebase.com/m/0ldd	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/03hgfb7	What is a work written by author agatha christie?
www.freebase.com/m/021sr6	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrcb3	who has interment in mount hope cemetery
www.freebase.com/m/0chkrf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is lassie from
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c_j9x	what is a drama film released in 1974?
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0qv89	what is a town in the north american central time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/07fjv0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is signs in the desert
www.freebase.com/m/01hlk35	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what genre of music is dile al sol
www.freebase.com/m/04t367h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0jdd	what topic is to afghanistan and back written about
www.freebase.com/m/03qtfp3	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/06dkr2	what is an example of a company in the office machines, nec industry
www.freebase.com/m/01s87m	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_organization/members	www.freebase.com/m/02fmp1	who is a member of brotherhood of mutants 
www.freebase.com/m/03qkhh3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of genre is shadows of desire
www.freebase.com/m/0d_w1c	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	what genre is the game  shaman king: soul fight
www.freebase.com/m/01jp37	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/017l96	what label are the butthole surfers signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0jwrczr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of movie is jubilee bunt-a-thon
www.freebase.com/m/08n7n43	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	in what language is 8:28 am spoken
www.freebase.com/m/02prwjz	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	which position on the gridiron does donnie green play
www.freebase.com/m/07gtdz	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/bridge_type	www.freebase.com/m/03lzkv	What kind of bridge is the john p. grace memorial bridge
www.freebase.com/m/04xrx	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/012vd6	who influenced mariah carey
www.freebase.com/m/07f1x	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cg40j4	What is the name of a person that was born in thailand
www.freebase.com/m/01jpz9k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0qw81	Where was roosevelt sykes born?
www.freebase.com/m/0_t60	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/076whd	who was a singer that was born in kingston springs
www.freebase.com/m/0n5b5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	where is salem county, new jersey located?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0t6b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what category of film is the boxers omen
www.freebase.com/m/0dj3ld	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does v√°clav nƒõmeƒçek play?
www.freebase.com/m/03_95w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what kinds of movie is police story 3: super cop in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0fq_3r0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what kind of album is bayonetta
www.freebase.com/m/027cf4j	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/0fmf6h	which school district does odessa high school belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/09dtf_d	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0csf__	which movie is designed by mary-lou storey
www.freebase.com/m/0pdnndc	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02pjh3	What kind of school is horizon community college
www.freebase.com/m/0f6tpp	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03x1x	which ethnic group was involved in the esopus wars?
www.freebase.com/m/0m7d0	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0zhxw	Name a city in allegheny county
www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bbtzps	Name a christian rock artist.
www.freebase.com/m/01j_93t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of rca country legends?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nz7d1	what is a kind of album?
www.freebase.com/m/035m7pq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ntg9_	what's a track on shoot out at the ok chinese restaurant
www.freebase.com/m/04gcyg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg2m	what is 2010 (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh9dw	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what color is antacid 500 chewable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02q591y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	What type of music does the band tera melos play? 
www.freebase.com/m/0gj9dx3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was all 6s and 7s released
www.freebase.com/m/01jyy7	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/02wz5m8	what is a tourist attraction in big sur?
www.freebase.com/m/0tr3p	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/0tr3p	where is bangor
www.freebase.com/m/06w1r7p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hbz	What type of institution is delaware museum of natural history
www.freebase.com/m/0h0v2	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vhsn0	what books are by evelyn waugh?
www.freebase.com/m/06rpd	www.freebase.com/user/dylanrocks/national_football_league/nfl_teams_that_have_moved_cities/destination_city	www.freebase.com/m/071vr	which state contains san diego chargers
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22cg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/078fqr	what is the name of the movie in the netflix genre indie dramas
www.freebase.com/m/084h5t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03pzf	which city was john gilbert born in
www.freebase.com/m/0qnrg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01_kcg	who was born in bisbee
www.freebase.com/m/02h9_l	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfprz	On what broadcast station was Toni Braxton featured?
www.freebase.com/m/07mgfyx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/03yfzkv	Who directed the tv episode titled pilot?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03d34wy	what military personnel was involved in  world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/09lwk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qj3_c	Name a person who was born in poltava
www.freebase.com/m/0cnnm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What type of film is cold sweat considered
www.freebase.com/m/0260zwt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0294j	whats the subject of the written work the brief history of the dead
www.freebase.com/m/0g4mdnx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the film carnival day from
www.freebase.com/m/01q3tbg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015y_n	what kind of music does  val doonican make
www.freebase.com/m/05zgqb	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fj7z	what kind of program was gajim
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv7q4	Name a drug that contains niacin in its formula.
www.freebase.com/m/02pbrn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/07h4t6	what is the label that mccoy tyner is under?
www.freebase.com/m/02xr_b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tjlp	what type of disaster was the san juanico disaster?
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01prfmm	what artist is a blues-rock?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvkj	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j26pyh	what is the name of the player whose hockey position is winger (ice hockey)
www.freebase.com/m/0fbjmzf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which region in north america is twilight waltz released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0skwj_2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/010l4_v	which recording contains the track complication?
www.freebase.com/m/03qmtsz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of lincroyable v√©rit√©
www.freebase.com/m/0bq2_p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	what is johnny bach known for
www.freebase.com/m/0qggsgf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is robert malone's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlkjwt	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	What continent does the tartar river run through
www.freebase.com/m/0j5yjd5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where was alfred m√ºller born
www.freebase.com/m/0ybm6nf	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0ft85tt	What is a version of the single september (bonus track)?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4z23k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f4z25n	which tracks are found in the album say it with fire?
www.freebase.com/m/0b748hj	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bh9cn0	which artist is signed under the 19 entertainment record label
www.freebase.com/m/01wg25j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04d5t01	whats the name of one of little richard's albums
www.freebase.com/m/02l6d7	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/02wvv7d	what is the house in new york that showcases queen anne style architecture
www.freebase.com/m/04j06v7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is a language of the film millennium crisis?
www.freebase.com/m/05dfxdy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01my4f	Who is a writer for the episode baby love (1)
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03m46m9	What is an album that was released by Figurines?
www.freebase.com/m/0zx9zv6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/06tw28	who wrote the lyrics for always
www.freebase.com/m/02qy3g0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03mh8	Name a leader during the Byzantine-Sasanian Wars
www.freebase.com/m/0vzdrdz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of  lois yaroshefsky
www.freebase.com/m/02jxmr	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02pxmgz	what films have james newton howard participated in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsff1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/027vj2v	what is the formulation of sure invisible solid powder scent?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv_lt	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/01r7_1	What type of cinematography did mamba utilize?
www.freebase.com/m/0289t7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What nationality is ren√© cogny
www.freebase.com/m/066ppz	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is the ethnicity of jerry hairston, jr.?
www.freebase.com/m/048xmj_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is habersham in
www.freebase.com/m/01s3sv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is george puttenham male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0gttd39	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01y5hs	which style is louis armet known for
www.freebase.com/m/0gqhbp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where in Europe is motta sant'anastasia 
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0sy44	what movie titles belong to the netflix genre horror
www.freebase.com/m/016r9z	www.freebase.com/user/jg/default_domain/olympic_games/sports	www.freebase.com/m/06wrt	what is a sport included in the 1900 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/01vqjzf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is pflum orsolya a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkqbk	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what is the shape of lunesta 3 coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02bvkz	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/philosopher/interests	www.freebase.com/m/05r79	what is paul ricoeur known for
www.freebase.com/m/0f20lr	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h8512	What type of place is bluestone state park?
www.freebase.com/m/036dgxt	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of the release forbidden colours
www.freebase.com/m/01sz5h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01p1v	What country is universidad t√©cnica federico santa mar√≠a in
www.freebase.com/m/0c13h	www.freebase.com/measurement_unit/measurement_system/force_units	www.freebase.com/m/0jkgw	What are the force units used in the international system of units
www.freebase.com/m/042k2d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was harry revel born?
www.freebase.com/m/01l8t_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lzy0	What is the genre of videogame that runescape is considered
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dmjdr	What is a river in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8h9jk	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hn29h	What album had the release cruisin'
www.freebase.com/m/0dggyvj	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bw26s	Which romantic comedy did david bromberg write
www.freebase.com/m/08sjn8	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/04lzs8	What area was hit by hurricane cindy?
www.freebase.com/m/04t184c	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is dreamslip
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0j63871	what landmark is in pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/0pvq1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is antonio da correggio from
www.freebase.com/m/0785c5	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	what is football position of jamal reynolds 
www.freebase.com/m/04954	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/026qnn	What is a film that was executively produced by kevin bacon
www.freebase.com/m/06_0yjn	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/058hd3	What school of architecture is the river forest historic district based off of
www.freebase.com/m/01k_x4v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/027ht5c	who is the recording label for the artist atrocity?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7m8r8	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of just coolin' 
www.freebase.com/m/0fqtfl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is the profession of david heavener?
www.freebase.com/m/05z1lf	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01795t	who produced the movie the cat from outer space
www.freebase.com/m/0pykcr4	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/07s8fz	Which book does david make an appearance in?
www.freebase.com/m/054sh7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/previous_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/054sg6	what is a previous work in the series anne of the island
www.freebase.com/m/0cnz85q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02qbj69	what recording label is billy hayes under?
www.freebase.com/m/0dfjpl	www.freebase.com/geography/island/body_of_water	www.freebase.com/m/01v0sy	which body of water surrounds the north possession island, torres strait
www.freebase.com/m/0g55f4v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	The album endgame featured what genre of music
www.freebase.com/m/019dmc	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0pcq5br	Name someone who died from respiratory failure
www.freebase.com/m/01n0047	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ybf_dq	what song has david johansen released
www.freebase.com/m/0rr9t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bh73k_	Who is a notable person from davenport
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06852n	whats the name of a rock music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0k0mrc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is Kenneth Utt?
www.freebase.com/m/026nfhs	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/operator	www.freebase.com/m/09f5vv	who operates the hubli airport
www.freebase.com/m/01jdh81	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of music is on the album please don't touch!
www.freebase.com/m/0m7hys	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03gn8s	Who is listed as the producer of little baby swastikkka
www.freebase.com/m/0zc3ny1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d9jr	where did gary r. saxonhouse die?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8tm5r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What kind of album is something the lord made?
www.freebase.com/m/03xwxz1	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is legendy russkogo roka a soundtrack or a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/027yvbc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What is the genre of the book stormblade
www.freebase.com/m/02vnmc9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m87	what is the netflix section where funny girl (film) can be found
www.freebase.com/m/06rsgtw	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	what position does john munyan play in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtxjd	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/07gvx	what religion does zou yan have
www.freebase.com/m/06z10f8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/01s81	what type of tv series is pitch it again, sam
www.freebase.com/m/0328htd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what region was wishing well released
www.freebase.com/m/0x0lqzc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0x0lqwm	what tv series contain texas
www.freebase.com/m/01s0h3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	Who developed the game final fight
www.freebase.com/m/06cs95	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01z77k	what kind of tv program is into the west
www.freebase.com/m/0_6b2bj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0140t7	who composed youll be in my heart spanish version?
www.freebase.com/m/0vs6b5w	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	how was all i ever wanted released 
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07nv8b	What's a title in the biography netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/02996d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre of film is centennial?
www.freebase.com/m/02k6hp	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02890bv	who died of cardiovascular disease
www.freebase.com/m/01z4x3d	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0m26h	what county is duncan in
www.freebase.com/m/05bhqn6	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/vehicle_types	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what type of transportation is the oc transpo route 116
www.freebase.com/m/08m7c6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system does 806 gyldenia belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0bkw7t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mp08	where is averett university located 
www.freebase.com/m/0cl6y52	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	Which occupation is james garfield known for in his book
www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lpb26	Name an experimental rock album.
www.freebase.com/m/0qw5fc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0fyjr9l	What is the canonical version of the recording brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q6_j7	what's a piece of photography by brassai
www.freebase.com/m/0j_bk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06s3v2	which italian city did majorian die in
www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01wl_ny	what is the name of a musician that plays funk music
www.freebase.com/m/0101yqg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/039vysz	what release is changeling off of
www.freebase.com/m/01hmb26	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the release format of the best of spandau ballet
www.freebase.com/m/01jnld	www.freebase.com/education/school_mascot/school	www.freebase.com/m/0c8_zz	what high school has warrior as a mascot
www.freebase.com/m/0kv5rz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was used in the movie  for the flag
www.freebase.com/m/0dp5zbb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mdp79c	What is a track from the recording babylon?
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04whg1h	what is a book in the genre biography
www.freebase.com/m/05m_c4m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what kind of film is the hitchhiker
www.freebase.com/m/047gn4y	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03q8ch	Who edited the film prince of persia: the sands of time?
www.freebase.com/m/0h81j6h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of bhagwan das varma?
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0ndq5c4	name a pitcher
www.freebase.com/m/0bs8mgb	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was sharpays fabulous adventure located
www.freebase.com/m/0gwzlk_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	is highlights from the plugged nickel jazz or pop rock
www.freebase.com/m/08g4c7	www.freebase.com/theater/theater/theatrical_productions_staged_here	www.freebase.com/m/0kd8zm1	what productions took place at the shubert theatre
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qgcfc	What is the name of a speculative fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/03gvvq4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the very best of john denver
www.freebase.com/m/01928h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5mhf	What is the subject of the film querelle
www.freebase.com/m/03f7s4	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	What is david rappaport's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0ddcpr8	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	what city is rally to restore sanity and/or fear located in
www.freebase.com/m/0fcr49	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does jean-jo√´l perrier-doumb√© play?
www.freebase.com/m/05c62tb	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/01qydv	What is a treatment to bacillary dysentery
www.freebase.com/m/06bdksb	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0c7rz6t	What is an edition of the book major writings of ralph waldo emerson?
www.freebase.com/m/05zldmt	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what is roy sinclair's possition
www.freebase.com/m/05x4b0	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0jskj	What is a film that russell harlan did the cinematography for
www.freebase.com/m/09yygs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language spoken in the ex?
www.freebase.com/m/02z9bmm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/010bnr	what city is billy hall from
www.freebase.com/m/0crxtwx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is spark among the ashes
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0slyhb0	what album type is a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gkfz5	what city is located in italy
www.freebase.com/m/02kbxdm	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/biofunction/metabolites	www.freebase.com/m/0q01m	what is the name of an essential amino acid
www.freebase.com/m/0ms28r0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fwydl7	which release contains the track o holy night?
www.freebase.com/m/03d8xn6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Where is mimei ogawa from?
www.freebase.com/m/01p8sy	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	What time zone is 100 mile house, british columbia in
www.freebase.com/m/019m90	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What type of art does max beckmann make
www.freebase.com/m/049k4w	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03q8y	whats the name of a baseball player who plays as a  right fielder
www.freebase.com/m/027ht4p	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what is a language featured in the longest night in shanghai 
www.freebase.com/m/0nl2t8g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0x7ct45	whats the name of a track on the recording dirty work
www.freebase.com/m/0h2k_2z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where was  august tripplehorn orser born
www.freebase.com/m/0pcrfx7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	what city in Italy did  alexandre derevitsky die
www.freebase.com/m/04ycmmc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What netflix genre is lula, the son of brasil under?
www.freebase.com/m/06lbp	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v06jl	What book did robert louis stevenson publish?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hpfd5z	What animations came out in 2009
www.freebase.com/m/01w5y40	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	Where did tommy viera originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/07scjk7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	What type of music does devlin belong in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ytgjp0	what are some ambient music albums?
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p0y2s	What is an emo album?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx45	www.freebase.com/religion/type_of_place_of_worship/places_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/0472g_r	what's a known temple in indonesia
www.freebase.com/m/05pr2_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/05znpv_	what is the cover album by Japanese pop singer Ken Hirai
www.freebase.com/m/01xq06	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0pjms	Who is a person that died of sati
www.freebase.com/m/03by0rv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is timmy williams
www.freebase.com/m/036v_m9	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what platform was celtic moods released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02jsr9	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/0fck2k	What's a tourist attraction in annecy
www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fp_ff6	Who is a person born in manhattan
www.freebase.com/m/0_6mj2w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was used in rainy day blues
www.freebase.com/m/025g__	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03g07wk	What j-pop album was released by Ken Hirai?
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02tg_9	What notable person is jewish?
www.freebase.com/m/0w2xrvw	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0blk0	what religion does lali giorg√≠sasuli matcharashvili follow?
www.freebase.com/m/027vbp1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which asian language is aakrosh spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/02r5xxl	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	in what time zone is pusztaederics located
www.freebase.com/m/0134cp	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02q64l2	Name a child of alan minter
www.freebase.com/m/0bh93jd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0lp9sb5	whats the name of the episode that was part of the  voltron force tv show
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02z1knw	name a notable person who passed away from cancer.
www.freebase.com/m/04tb0h	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04y8r	Who directed thief
www.freebase.com/m/0dbb3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jm947	What kind of music does billie holiday make
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtlxj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0bjv1y	What was an active ingredient moiety of thyroplex
www.freebase.com/m/01j4np7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j4nh8	What is the title of an album by artist stroke 9?
www.freebase.com/m/0kbfd	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0tl4qyq	Who's a actress that died due to an accident
www.freebase.com/m/02prtln	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	who was pete naktenis
www.freebase.com/m/0g245p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where in europe is sarre
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0pyc25t	Name a female character
www.freebase.com/m/0f315j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fztc6	what kind of bollywod movie is manmadhan
www.freebase.com/m/0ll2cd8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0vmt	Where in the US was brett hundley born
www.freebase.com/m/0nhp9	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0v_k_	Name a city within freeborn county, minnesota
www.freebase.com/m/0jy4kjd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02k54	which country is youssef maaty from
www.freebase.com/m/02brqp	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/027wxvs	what games have been published by microsoft studios?
www.freebase.com/m/0bkf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0smdytl	Name an album made by bob marley?
www.freebase.com/m/0cql27	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	what is  simon estes profession
www.freebase.com/m/0285kly	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	What is the nationality of daryl clare?
www.freebase.com/m/05vgy33	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who is irving shulmanddd
www.freebase.com/m/026m7px	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	what do the actors in a new day in old sanaa speak
www.freebase.com/m/035p_wp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mrkqp	What is the lead track off poison?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f1rkn	who is the indie rock guitarist for Idlewild?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0f4pvg	what movie is drama in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01p8xg2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0j1znsw	what is the name of a track by donald harrison
www.freebase.com/m/046f1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01cm6y	where did john wycliffe die?
www.freebase.com/m/0xsc8	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0f5r9k	which author was born in bridgewater township?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kx6_z	What's an example of a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/05djjpz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/03vwlg	Which tv series is deadfall an episode of?
www.freebase.com/m/063kf5w	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0gs0gh	what is an area redwoods was filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0grdr	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ccb57	which film was written by victoria wood
www.freebase.com/m/02jcc	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/subject/philosophers	www.freebase.com/m/03l6h	who is a philosopher of epistemology
www.freebase.com/m/0mhfk_k	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nmk6wp	what record is believe part of
www.freebase.com/m/04d26b	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	what species of dana is
www.freebase.com/m/0mttpwm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fzc8l2	what album is amsterdam on 
www.freebase.com/m/0b1w1t	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04tzk_1	Name a book published by Disney Hyperion
www.freebase.com/m/05pck84	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	which language was used in painful maturity
www.freebase.com/m/0chtq	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is siderno in 
www.freebase.com/m/05cf9jl	www.freebase.com/sports/school_sports_team/school	www.freebase.com/m/04wlz2	what institution has the hampton pirates men's basketball
www.freebase.com/m/04wg38	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02plyzz	what film did edward burns produce
www.freebase.com/m/09n9rcd	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0kt5gc	who wrote come on danger!
www.freebase.com/m/040z9	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument did jack lemmon play 
www.freebase.com/m/05fdhm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is emil bessels
www.freebase.com/m/04dkdv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_system/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	which area does the munich s-bahn serve 
www.freebase.com/m/027f471	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country was antony carbone born at?
www.freebase.com/m/07trj8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0rrhp	where is southeastern university of the assemblies of god located?
www.freebase.com/m/02ww2ns	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/next_episode	www.freebase.com/m/02ww41h	what's the first episode of the fifth season of deja vu (the outer limits)
www.freebase.com/m/0c4n4l9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	what is africa
www.freebase.com/m/01kz7b	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	which country is laguna de bay in
www.freebase.com/m/02pkcj5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	what is a school color for the universiti malaysia terengganu
www.freebase.com/m/03c7mlr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is eulalie spence's profession
www.freebase.com/m/065z3_x	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0jxxt	what subject is the film secretariat about
www.freebase.com/m/027x1z5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	where did nikolai efimov die
www.freebase.com/m/0f2tmz	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_ssl	which basketball position does hilton armstrong play
www.freebase.com/m/04d_0x	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0852z	whats a subject of  the film i was a teenage werewolf
www.freebase.com/m/09r1lf	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0f0zk	what type of software is yakuake 
www.freebase.com/m/09t8nw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did hillevi rombin die
www.freebase.com/m/09r68t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022_6	Which county was mike ingham born?
www.freebase.com/m/0bt4_g	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hv44_	What is israel horovitz's profession
www.freebase.com/m/026df62	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the idiot box from
www.freebase.com/m/0j8g87f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is annemette andersen?
www.freebase.com/m/05zhmyc	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/grandsire	www.freebase.com/m/03ntwr0	who was next move's grandsire
www.freebase.com/m/05zq3lg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01bgr_	Where was Chris Young born?
www.freebase.com/m/02xc1sr	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/sensor_type	www.freebase.com/m/0d17kj	What type of sensor does the nikon d3 have?
www.freebase.com/m/0k68hpn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0n2z	what city did dimitris panayiotatos originate from
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0j7jkd0	whats the name of a pop music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0hx5f	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04csb3	who is a famous football striker born in durham
www.freebase.com/m/06w2pvg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What do they speak on dance your ass off
www.freebase.com/m/0_qzvtb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03w5cv	what was the place of birth of amir toodehroosta
www.freebase.com/m/02_pyf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06cmp	which subject is the book memoirs of hadrian about
www.freebase.com/m/04s_bx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of Art Donovan?
www.freebase.com/m/02gycv	www.freebase.com/education/fraternity_sorority/colleges_and_universities	www.freebase.com/m/01n4w_	Which college has the sorority kappa alpha theta?
www.freebase.com/m/01sfxfn	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what is an instrument played by carl jackson 
www.freebase.com/m/02sy14	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0fz6l87	Name a track produced by Bill Dixon?
www.freebase.com/m/02mscn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/026z3bq	who's an artist that produces primarily christian music
www.freebase.com/m/02w266r	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	what type of game is blender bros.
www.freebase.com/m/0n00149	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g8d4ss	Which release is spy the release track off of
www.freebase.com/m/05hhsw5	www.freebase.com/interests/collectable_item/collection_category	www.freebase.com/m/015w6q	what collection category does hard rock barbie doll #g7915 belong to
www.freebase.com/m/020s3x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wcc3l	what books focus on bohemianism
www.freebase.com/m/0crvhmj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is the film issi ka naam duniya hai filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/080md55	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what kind of music can be found on the album hubris i & ii
www.freebase.com/m/0crcv53	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0qlrh	Where was miss america 1940 held?
www.freebase.com/m/03gfvsz	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01svw8n	who is a singer did kymx
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0gtn5q5	What is the name of a regiment in Arkansas
www.freebase.com/m/0b5sn6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was chris spielman born in?
www.freebase.com/m/04z13w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What country is the movie dil chahta hai from
www.freebase.com/m/0411tpc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01snm	where was dejuan tribble born
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0dzdpv	Who is a soccer goalkeeper? 
www.freebase.com/m/0dq4nw3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03dpf	who is the artist that recorded for ev'ry one who feels inclined
www.freebase.com/m/0vc504n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nzl12	whats the recording with the release track confirmation
www.freebase.com/m/09rnmr0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	an iron forge viewed from without is an example of what medium of art?
www.freebase.com/m/06c44	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0r5dpjl	whats the name of  richard wagners child
www.freebase.com/m/0b4c35	www.freebase.com/music/composition/place_composed	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	where was piano concerto no.12 in a major composed 
www.freebase.com/m/01qbg5	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/04gjkc	who wrote the film gia
www.freebase.com/m/04bkxt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gh666b	which larger area is antiparos within
www.freebase.com/m/0crsn29	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was zombies gone wild filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02yw6j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/02x8q39	Who was a writer for the episode the forgotten
www.freebase.com/m/02qtml7	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/01f62	Where is la raz√≥n circulated?
www.freebase.com/m/05mmf26	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08y0	what is the media type of  celts
www.freebase.com/m/07k6hqv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is pavel argeyev's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0f73gyb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	what kind of music is on bo diddley?
www.freebase.com/m/05wgp75	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/042v2	who influenced jim keeble?
www.freebase.com/m/03g0mgc	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what music genre is live and kicking 
www.freebase.com/m/03d9dt4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07v64s	What genre is the album portrait?
www.freebase.com/m/0x1xcrv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/016jkt	What forest is deer mountain in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jx2vp9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0cfld	what is the subject of leadership agenda 2012
www.freebase.com/m/0k6p8hc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	which genre of film is gabi
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv9th	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/02lmsl	what is the formulation of verelan
www.freebase.com/m/02q7fh6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is robert s. corrington from
www.freebase.com/m/0dptft	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	how did petar milo≈°evski die?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4lf5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015qh	what is anton strashimirov's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02qhzxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664x	who is blake griffin
www.freebase.com/m/083sx7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/more_specific_ingredient	www.freebase.com/m/04kf51f	what is the active ingredient in fondaparinux
www.freebase.com/m/05h76z	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0187h5	who was a union officer involved in battle of mill springs
www.freebase.com/m/04wf6_f	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02m4t	what is the topic of the written work the celebration of life
www.freebase.com/m/085jb0	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What is senda berenson abbott's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/015y_n	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04l677	Name an artist from the swing music genre
www.freebase.com/m/03y5bz0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which celestial body does 14909 kamchatka orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0glz82f	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01841n	which spoken language is featured in red rubber boots
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv12f	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/073l3	what is dakins full
www.freebase.com/m/02vjht	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	what instrument does ashwin sood play?
www.freebase.com/m/03c7z1	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/0k655	olza is a tributary of what river?
www.freebase.com/m/09k60qp	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	what football position does dorin dickerson play at?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4sxl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02k54	what country is mummies based in
www.freebase.com/m/0slws_1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0wzyx1	Name a recording by nelson mandela
www.freebase.com/m/0490qr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r785	where was lee bollinger born
www.freebase.com/m/0dq_rtm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/04d3d9v	what was released by stay
www.freebase.com/m/01dpk0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	where is entombed from
www.freebase.com/m/0b_20k	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0kvdtr	which film did p. c. sreeram work on
www.freebase.com/m/04j0520	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What netflix genre is coleccion pedro infante: la oveja negra in?
www.freebase.com/m/010ky	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is abergavenny located 
www.freebase.com/m/02pp8k9	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	idris phillips follows this major religion. 
www.freebase.com/m/073myz	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01xs1j8	where did the woodland period take place
www.freebase.com/m/0c4b616	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	Where was lilia moritz schwarcz born
www.freebase.com/m/0gx8t9s	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03dryc	What kind of film is go go crazy
www.freebase.com/m/057zyb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which european country is bredon hill in 
www.freebase.com/m/06xftq	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02vxy_	which religion is theresa of portugal, countess of flanders
www.freebase.com/m/0lrkg7q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is douglas arvid wester male or female
www.freebase.com/m/035vc53	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was jubilee released
www.freebase.com/m/0h2yr3c	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0347tm	who is the father of isabella lorenza lamas
www.freebase.com/m/0qzbv91	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where was henrique martins born
www.freebase.com/m/01jwwvx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the content type of am i evil?: the diamond head anthology?
www.freebase.com/m/0d2ksy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	What language is spoken in prince vladimir (film)
www.freebase.com/m/09k50kt	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language  is in the film  clint the stranger
www.freebase.com/m/0k0t51t	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0478__m	Who wrote the lyrics for government hooker?
www.freebase.com/m/0h54z2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what genre is dil vil pyar vyar found on in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01mq15g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015pdg	What kind of music is rockin into the night
www.freebase.com/m/0hh9r	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/kingdom	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	where is harald v of norway's kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/02q2kjz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is melvin jenkins
www.freebase.com/m/047mwhk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	Where is independent colleges?
www.freebase.com/m/02801cw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is purple people eater filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03g3hw8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k47c	what artist created sarabande
www.freebase.com/m/0dyj_6d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03j36yj	Who is the artist that recorded the song jamaica
www.freebase.com/m/04w57k	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/04vdf2	what travel destination is nathu la near?
www.freebase.com/m/02_74hf	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0dwcl	What company published the game battlestar galactica
www.freebase.com/m/07gv50	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What was the gender of llyron
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d25zw	what's the title of a foreign romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0c2cl	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does michel de montaigne practice
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crsrh_	Name a horror movie
www.freebase.com/m/0bs42ym	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	Where was john knowles herr burried
www.freebase.com/m/05f4lh	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_720qw	What's a song from josey scott
www.freebase.com/m/0dq3bnj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	duck rock was an album that was labeled into this genre of music.
www.freebase.com/m/0gkq07	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04p3c	where was wash westmoreland born?
www.freebase.com/m/01nx97	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is ranavalona iii a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/03s5t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/027bksz	what river runs through idaho
www.freebase.com/m/020m7t	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w74j9	what books are about ball game?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2__xs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kinds of music is dr. dre 2008
www.freebase.com/m/0cl_86	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018sjn	What is the main subject in the written piece titled be careful what you wish for...
www.freebase.com/m/03cm67q	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does j√∫nior morales play
www.freebase.com/m/07n16v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what is kari rajam√§ki's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0nd3g47	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0ldd	who created the story for  sabotage
www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/086wck	what is a composition done by bob dylan
www.freebase.com/m/04v86qd	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0cdm94	what is a book form the cold mountain 
www.freebase.com/m/0179gc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what genre is family ties?
www.freebase.com/m/01c0ss	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01g95k	Who has john selden influenced
www.freebase.com/m/0cktp0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k_q_	where in california did  jimmie adams die
www.freebase.com/m/0xn5s3q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01f62	Where was Laura Belloso born?
www.freebase.com/m/06psbr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8f9y3	what song is by nicholas payton?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bm98xx	What is a fiction novel written by a Filipino author
www.freebase.com/m/04zxt98	www.freebase.com/base/fashionmodels/fashion_model/eye_color	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	Who color eyes does analeigh tipton have?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmgwd0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09ffy8	Who recorded believe?
www.freebase.com/m/0nl3x15	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wsz2w	who is the artist that recorded tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/0_h_m9y	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02pt27	Who composed the rebecca song?
www.freebase.com/m/020nh8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05mzps4	which artist recorded ranchera
www.freebase.com/m/02rcfxy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is joe carey's gender
www.freebase.com/m/06kjwd	www.freebase.com/architecture/lighthouse_construction_material/used_on_lighthouse	www.freebase.com/m/0czbr51	which item is used to on a lighthouse from a concrete slab?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjc9t_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is dong-ryung kim most commonly know as?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kjxq9	What is the name of Buddy Holly's album?
www.freebase.com/m/05qg2fn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was debatable space originally published in
www.freebase.com/m/0rptz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	Which state does the Union Park community belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01k9vhj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	What kind of music does the album earth a.d. represent?
www.freebase.com/m/03tvm6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where is rhys chatham from?
www.freebase.com/m/06w519c	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre of music is end like this?
www.freebase.com/m/0y551pb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is eric underwood?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlx23	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	who is the developer of tekken 5?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlz8cy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is methods of dance composed in
www.freebase.com/m/02ggv4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011ys5	what type of program is what's with andy?
www.freebase.com/m/07pvv6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was benjamin mcconnell born in
www.freebase.com/m/0hznvdc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What kind of film is the victim?
www.freebase.com/m/01_pf7	www.freebase.com/theater/play/orchestrator	www.freebase.com/m/07kg6_l	who was the orchestrator for the musical mame (musical)
www.freebase.com/m/03fj3r2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was Night and day released?
www.freebase.com/m/029r8k	www.freebase.com/theater/play/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is blithe spirit's country of origin
www.freebase.com/m/02v_jtt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country filmed redemption maddie
www.freebase.com/m/0crw263	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which genre of film is eating the uneatable?
www.freebase.com/m/0858g9	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/019cr	which religion does dean h. kenyon practice
www.freebase.com/m/04j05rd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What type of film is primal secrets?
www.freebase.com/m/0q5v1gk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	In what country was the album diamond released?
www.freebase.com/m/04wc1mz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What themes does william appleman williams cover
www.freebase.com/m/0_j9stm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01fhzf	Who is the lyricist for dearly beloved?
www.freebase.com/m/05q8_2t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is kelly knox's gender
www.freebase.com/m/02qrsl7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is the nationality of stephen lumley?
www.freebase.com/m/049rqpl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what kind of music is on the album tar√°ntula?
www.freebase.com/m/0dt8x19	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What type of music does alma zohar create
www.freebase.com/m/08_945	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the mind of the married man from
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bhb285	What's a metalcore studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/07c4g1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xn7q	What city die mark m. fagan pass away in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gl077h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02phy_9	what is elvis fl√©ming's  nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0fszdg9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0345gm2	What's a release from the hawaii recording
www.freebase.com/m/0crrms1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	What kind of film is madara?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxmb9g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what genre is the film don‚Äôt break my turbofolk heart
www.freebase.com/m/02pmyl1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	Which genre of film is dreaming lhasa?
www.freebase.com/m/083j9r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is be
www.freebase.com/m/0np75h7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What kind of album is itunes festival: london 2011?
www.freebase.com/m/0gplq9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of james l. conway 
www.freebase.com/m/02r2nn6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what book genre is one step behind?
www.freebase.com/m/04j40q	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/01wqs	what constellation is hd 102117 a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0kwy4yp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0315hbl	which album is mars from
www.freebase.com/m/0b_wmzp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was costume designer erica edell phillips born?
www.freebase.com/m/027n_k	www.freebase.com/base/usnationalparks/us_national_park/state	www.freebase.com/m/0vmt	what state is sunset crater volcano national monument located in
www.freebase.com/m/0cnlqvr	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/locale	www.freebase.com/m/09hzc	Where is pont suspendu davignon
www.freebase.com/m/0vs4brj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	Where was susanne korda born
www.freebase.com/m/0d2ksy	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k238n	who wrote for the film prince vladimir (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0dhzc4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the film archangel
www.freebase.com/m/026w0m_	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/05b15sr	who designed the film for the world according to garp 
www.freebase.com/m/02r2p4s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what other format was the netflix title earthstorm released as?
www.freebase.com/m/05f2qy	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/05n6sq	what films are about z-boys?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3v1p8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	what types of music is chaos of forms
www.freebase.com/m/04t41k8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the written work the vicar of bullhampton
www.freebase.com/m/03j9zd5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fkl07y	what is a track from commited to the core?
www.freebase.com/m/0hr9vsn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the name of a film in the i am singh?
www.freebase.com/m/07mw3_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What kind of gameplay does bomberman jetters have
www.freebase.com/m/0zj2j3m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form is the composition miserable lie?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1q_h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what types of movie is ghost mine
www.freebase.com/m/026831y	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0d06vc	Which conflict did jonathan paton participate?
www.freebase.com/m/0_627_p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0_6nmhg	What album features the track baltimore
www.freebase.com/m/01k99tm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	What genre of music does the artist collin raye produce?
www.freebase.com/m/04p4174	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which film genre is janicess plague in?
www.freebase.com/m/05d43nd	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is evita's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0kqf_40	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	what is  chendy leon, jr. nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03nq9h9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what genre of book is tales of the dying earth
www.freebase.com/m/024c5f_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album olympia 2000
www.freebase.com/m/07szqd	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_pass/range	www.freebase.com/m/01z_51	which mountain range is the wapiti pass in
www.freebase.com/m/02k7y0	www.freebase.com/book/magazine_genre/magazines_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05gbch	what is the name of a news magazine
www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03gxdmj	Name an artist within the experimental music genre.
www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/072td3	What is an ingredient allowed in vegetarian cuisine
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0545nh	which film is about music
www.freebase.com/m/0yc6xf6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	where is david druid from
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gbyr2	What city uses central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/03h0k1w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	where would the poehlman house be located
www.freebase.com/m/01xlnwm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	where is the location of tookes house?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxfdd	www.freebase.com/law/legal_case/judges	www.freebase.com/m/093jhv	Who is the judge that resided over the bolton v madsen case
www.freebase.com/m/0b_qy0j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the playground from 
www.freebase.com/m/0162v	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04_0rn	Name an airport in barbados
www.freebase.com/m/01r8cl1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	What kind of music does excepter play?
www.freebase.com/m/095kpq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Name a male.
www.freebase.com/m/0drn2t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22hc	what type of movie is freeze frame
www.freebase.com/m/03n7zn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language was the twilight of the idols written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0tf1dt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0399w8j	what is a release on the recording believe
www.freebase.com/m/01mmfhq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07gxw	what is the genre of dj darkzone
www.freebase.com/m/04w88rw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	what is the subject matter of the book going to the wars
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_j42	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what types of movie is desire and deception
www.freebase.com/m/0gj91nn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xhmb	Where did normie roy die in new hampshire
www.freebase.com/m/0zjbwts	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02xkm9	whats the title of bz20's album
www.freebase.com/m/0411kkq	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/017drs	what is the position that lynn myers played?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j36x4_	what's the name of a midfielder footballer
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02qry6	Which notable person is jewish?
www.freebase.com/m/04f_tvf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position does emilio nsue play
www.freebase.com/m/0421qbc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does david sinclair play in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/04ljj5g	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	What war did leo bennett take part in
www.freebase.com/m/03q2kbr	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/03pmfw	what is the manufacturing  company of the nikon coolpix s510 cmaera
www.freebase.com/m/0640pxv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of life, death, live and freedom?
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027sv04	what philosopher was born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01f7wwq	what is an example of a soundtrack album
www.freebase.com/m/0cz7_3h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/056vv	Where is milo≈° dragojeviƒá from
www.freebase.com/m/0wqkxy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fk1zdd	Who released dead end justice?
www.freebase.com/m/01kl6x2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of music album is happy nation
www.freebase.com/m/0h2c3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fpckbs	which person considers ibiza their place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/05zsvj5	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0379kp	What entity is the subject of mongol conquest of the song dynasty
www.freebase.com/m/02837wl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	luciano vincenzoni died of what disease? 
www.freebase.com/m/02qrl5l	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/052vwh	What time zone is used in the yongchuan district
www.freebase.com/m/0_m5bj7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01lzg75	who composed i've been thinking about you
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05p92s6	Name a baseball player. 
www.freebase.com/m/0g1rtj	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	Name an album made by bob marley?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhkyfs	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language was the composition nothing and everything recorded?
www.freebase.com/m/030_17c	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kw4n82	what is the track list of the release xii?
www.freebase.com/m/0351hdq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dy4mm7	What's a song featured on the very best of
www.freebase.com/m/0h2ryg5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Where is simon heath from?
www.freebase.com/m/027x2yv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was every night at eight made in
www.freebase.com/m/04z_nxn	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02sj1x	which music was used in mr. belvedere goes to college
www.freebase.com/m/0hqwqg5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/drug_class	www.freebase.com/m/04dyr8	what is a drug under the uniretic class
www.freebase.com/m/04s5_s	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/09nx31	What song did mike mills write the lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftm913	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fz7gv5	which release included the recording tokyo
www.freebase.com/m/01hkw_w	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what music genre is sub rosa?
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fx552	What movie is a 2003 American animated adventure film?
www.freebase.com/m/05bqvr	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/04f5t6	who is the child of morphia of melitene
www.freebase.com/m/0ky62k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music does moe rocks terrastock play
www.freebase.com/m/0g768	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03576fl	what are releases by atlantic records?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_y6s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	which profession in sports was keydren clark known for?
www.freebase.com/m/04z_y54	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what faith does patricia blevins practice
www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03c57mf	what community is part of a county in maryland
www.freebase.com/m/02hxw3k	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/01rxw	what country speaks moi language
www.freebase.com/m/02r6ywv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/0yw7xz9	who was the creator of the show k-ville (tv series)
www.freebase.com/m/0278htd	www.freebase.com/education/school/highest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_h5	what is the highest grade that is taught at west valley high school
www.freebase.com/m/0__dp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	what is one location of westminster
www.freebase.com/m/02q1vr5	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03mstc	Who directed the invisible mouse
www.freebase.com/m/04l06f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is madri's sex?
www.freebase.com/m/027409x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p04k	what county is gardner a part of
www.freebase.com/m/028xyh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/031npy	Who is a child of thomas chittenden
www.freebase.com/m/02wt6g4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is marc nicholas rohde's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3rf	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04v8jsq	what is the editions of the book the world according to garp?
www.freebase.com/m/0fhrh57	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qjtqd	Who recorded paid in full?
www.freebase.com/m/06fcxh	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06gcwvx	what books have robin moore written?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gfdr9r	which albums were released by owl city?
www.freebase.com/m/0ytbm2b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0yt8q2_	who produced zulu?
www.freebase.com/m/05szzfk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08rzy_	where did jack shaw die
www.freebase.com/m/049g6x7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05lls	what kind of music does djansug kakhidze perform
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w2ypj	what book is a fantasy genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01t8pry	which instrumentalist plays the guitar
www.freebase.com/m/027m464	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is carmine coppola's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtrgn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	what are the routes taken with the phycomyces 0.05 injectable solution?
www.freebase.com/m/03n6m_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	where was lyn collingwood born?
www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09k59ry	What filmmaker was born in rio de janeiro?
www.freebase.com/m/03qd3vk	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	albert l. becker is a military personal that participated in what world war?
www.freebase.com/m/0bnmtvf	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the occupation of  maureen roberts prescott
www.freebase.com/m/01l5t1g	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zkm1tr	What songs has david francey written lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/02r36s2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04gcjf	where did frederick louis of w√ºrttemberg-winnental die
www.freebase.com/m/0crtnn8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was the movie released in
www.freebase.com/m/05yzr7	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/outflow	www.freebase.com/m/01t7sp	what does table rock lake flow out to?
www.freebase.com/m/058my6	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	where did battle of bereza kartuska take place?
www.freebase.com/m/0h0x5g2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	How did nancy deale die?
www.freebase.com/m/02q2h2w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what type of movie is between the sand and the sky
www.freebase.com/m/02849gh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02z4df	what author penned the book dumbing us down
www.freebase.com/m/04w8m0d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01540	 sharing the joy of nature is based on what subject
www.freebase.com/m/0rt2zgc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01239	which artist recorded banadeek taala?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/08j3p2	Name a fiction literary book. 
www.freebase.com/m/0b6hf0y	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04f73rc	What music genre is the album never again apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lx2sy	An example of a alternative metal artist would be who?
www.freebase.com/m/027qh0x	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	who was involved in battle of old baldy
www.freebase.com/m/043pxbm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is in the pocket?
www.freebase.com/m/0788p8	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0lg_pc9	what is a visual work by sm sultan called
www.freebase.com/m/03fgghc	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was she's the man released
www.freebase.com/m/0492p07	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0np8z	Where is whiteside located?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hpv39	Name a rock album by David Bowie
www.freebase.com/m/0gksrmv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what language is angry waves at pung sa bay spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/01s7fj	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/group	www.freebase.com/m/05781x	what type of dog is a shih tzu
www.freebase.com/m/01h5f8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/019pn98	what track was created by june carter cash
www.freebase.com/m/06tqpj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is spoken in the movie les visiteurs
www.freebase.com/m/0dpyjpz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/047cx	Which artist recorded mars?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3c145	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	is soka afrika from france or spain
www.freebase.com/m/0clc8t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is timlanders from?
www.freebase.com/m/03f60zb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	what is the nationality of guri schanke?
www.freebase.com/m/02nl51	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04v_8_0	what is an edition of the black arrow: a tale of the two roses
www.freebase.com/m/0789nk	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/04l80j	who has jerzy neyman influenced?
www.freebase.com/m/026nybp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05dqq_7	Which episode was directed by jon amiel
www.freebase.com/m/05b4fjd	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which soccer position is played by oh seung-bum
www.freebase.com/m/0d6n1	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0473yq	What is the name of a notable ballet artist
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05p5jf8	What's a folk music album by beau dommage
www.freebase.com/m/07xh4gx	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	What is gretchen berg's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/01sgv4	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/soundtracks	www.freebase.com/m/01mgjbc	What is the soundtrack title for total annihilation?
www.freebase.com/m/03xq_xk	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what physical format was swing this, baby! iii released on
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh4zq	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0fzv2y	Who manufactures the drug clonazepam 1 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02qzh2	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/05br10	who did cinematography for jersey girl
www.freebase.com/m/0_ljvzw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08lpkq	What is the genre that joyce bryant falls into?
www.freebase.com/m/02qsjt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01730d	What genre within blues music does buddy guy play
www.freebase.com/m/02qnpzp	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bs_48	Who wrote the turkish passion?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsmwq	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/05ys0x_	which festival was the haunted house (1921 film) showed in
www.freebase.com/m/03w54r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gxblps	what genre is the netflix title pork chop hill
www.freebase.com/m/04w44hz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what book genre is keep still
www.freebase.com/m/038g78p	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vgdty	what is a track off the all in hand album
www.freebase.com/m/0d608	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02x8fs	what science fiction fantasy comedy film was created by dan aykroyd
www.freebase.com/m/0crd4js	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07zrf	What language is the film saigon electric in?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmg_97	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nt6cp5	which tracks are a part of the release remember me?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5jnd	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zk06bv	which compositions did frederick barthelme compose?
www.freebase.com/m/03gyr36	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04mnb2z	Who executively produced frozen river?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhc09y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What style of music does california wives record?
www.freebase.com/m/0q9hwq6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is dj convention: fr√ºhlingsgef√ºhle
www.freebase.com/m/0b3ns_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of darren jarman?
www.freebase.com/m/02ql0cj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What genre is life gamble in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0_hn6mx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of son epouse
www.freebase.com/m/02xhc2v	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/02kqbl	what character is a wolf?
www.freebase.com/m/02vw1hd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kdw2	what kind of game is medal of honor: heroes 2
www.freebase.com/m/0g6wkk_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6wkl8	what song is from the release recital de canciones
www.freebase.com/m/03cl2yw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	Where is the movie el greco from
www.freebase.com/m/0lnyj1b	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/038rfsh	which release is the track us in
www.freebase.com/m/0wbhrc8	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0191_7	what type of industry is dress smart in?
www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04ydnkg	what is a historical fiction film?
www.freebase.com/m/04t29nh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07s2s	What was the wind eye written about?
www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0d0q9q	What's an example of a star
www.freebase.com/m/0d9ms9z	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	in which city was physics published
www.freebase.com/m/03qnfy	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/03qn83	what sports arena was named after bobby dodd
www.freebase.com/m/049_kcr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	which state contains ashland
www.freebase.com/m/04ct0lb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is joie ray's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/08659	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02wgfrh	what did will eisner die from?
www.freebase.com/m/01136	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hlh97	What platform is atari 2600 on?
www.freebase.com/m/0f19y8l	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what form was flesh released in
www.freebase.com/m/06gn57	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/09ghh7m	what films did jeannot szwarc direct
www.freebase.com/m/03xx69	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0d75s	What language family is bajan language a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz935r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the killing featured in
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w672j	what is an example of a fantasy book
www.freebase.com/m/02ktc9	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0cvfg5	who is guru gobind singh's child?
www.freebase.com/m/09gjy4n	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what netflix genre is sau crore
www.freebase.com/m/0kzpdhk	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/088rzc	Which film did guy lalande do the film production for
www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06k4rs	Which college is located in australia?
www.freebase.com/m/04989fv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fr5p	where is saint anne located?
www.freebase.com/m/02qf9w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03374t	who wrote \\"master harold\\"...and the boys?
www.freebase.com/m/0nfwh4m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what city did david hawthorne die in
www.freebase.com/m/0n5vsvn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03dt0_	where was bjarne corydon born?
www.freebase.com/m/01jcslx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which form of media was perfecto presents... sandra collins released 
www.freebase.com/m/0w7pdvc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what style of music is steve grand
www.freebase.com/m/05p030	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01qm7	what kind of college is paris junior college?
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/047d21r	What's the name of a biography movie?
www.freebase.com/m/04y6wv	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0c16t	which war did darius n. couch play a role in
www.freebase.com/m/01mtb	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t1r6y	What is an example of a cooking book?
www.freebase.com/m/039lg9b	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ls9nm8	what is a track from fantasy?
www.freebase.com/m/0c61zf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	which state contains dogpatch
www.freebase.com/m/0h7cqz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is in the film jessica?
www.freebase.com/m/01kyns	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01qlg1	Who is a parent of rosemary kennedy
www.freebase.com/m/04rspz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02scvxs	what is g-13 (gaby)
www.freebase.com/m/0g3q_l	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/049f0ks	Who is a female artist signed to bna records?
www.freebase.com/m/03gsp2h	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what did john w. minick participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/04f4gdq	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what world war did hans fronius fight in
www.freebase.com/m/06zr7j9	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/09b3v	which production company filmed magician mickey
www.freebase.com/m/01j6r95	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What kind of metal is played on excalibur
www.freebase.com/m/01m7f5r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018xfqg	what is a track by edward shearmur
www.freebase.com/m/01y603	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	Who is caroline kennedy?
www.freebase.com/m/08xz8h	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02rjnnj	What film was karl freund a cinematographer for?
www.freebase.com/m/02xc73z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/0c0yr	What form of song is piano sonata no. 7 in e
www.freebase.com/m/0cs5kqf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What movie category is mad jack in
www.freebase.com/m/038h54	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is the ethnicity of tawana brawley?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6jmjv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is charlene (i'm right behind you) in?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crs96s	Name a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/01n8973	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release did white incarnation have?
www.freebase.com/m/0np531l	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was io grido?
www.freebase.com/m/0syb6n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/0f029p	Who was the engineer from the recording rain must fall
www.freebase.com/m/0crryzf	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05rnp1	who is the executive producer of seedpeople?
www.freebase.com/m/0lkmp9m	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what offensive position does dominic samuel play
www.freebase.com/m/04n6snb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/071mrn	Who was the director for the film middle of nowhere?
www.freebase.com/m/03lmk5	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/02rxv_g	what architectural style is used in ely cathedral
www.freebase.com/m/0dnrxx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	What kind of video game is scaler
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0952p	Which speculative fiction novel is commonly taught in schools?
www.freebase.com/m/09zw4r	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	is eleven on top a fiction or non-fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/01hqcds	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m40d	What kind of music is featured on dream with dean
www.freebase.com/m/04ddzx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	which state did oscar dunn die
www.freebase.com/m/06mvxr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04n3kz	who wrote aliens ate my homework
www.freebase.com/m/02qbdsw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language spoken in water for elephants?
www.freebase.com/m/03hp0xm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is sergio llull a man or woman?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9vkt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what is the subject of the story of psychology 
www.freebase.com/m/0mpbmhx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0frmrk5	what album is timothy a part of
www.freebase.com/m/051fjp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is duncan ball most noted for in the literature industry?
www.freebase.com/m/0rfh5c4	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0jp7z	in which conflict did alan smith participate
www.freebase.com/m/03j257k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0ftkx	where is wu chun-lin from
www.freebase.com/m/0y684jh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was razame de la crackers born
www.freebase.com/m/0414ywq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	What genre of book is american beauty
www.freebase.com/m/03y7fqt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what is the star system that 5456 merman is located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04swtx5	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	which neighborhood is five points in 
www.freebase.com/m/03kw8k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/026ddzw	what programs has scott mosier created
www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02q1nn	Who was born in tokyo?
www.freebase.com/m/01fv3q	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q6hrn	what artwork did daniel libeskind study
www.freebase.com/m/0761hk	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/03v1f4	which family is franklin delano roosevelt iii a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0kyrhzs	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/08s540	who is the developer for the game pel√© ii: world tournament soccer
www.freebase.com/m/03j5_t8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format is christmas number 1s available on
www.freebase.com/m/016chh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/027qmd4	what is a memoir book?
www.freebase.com/m/01kdl23	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what is the genre of the album ain't complaining
www.freebase.com/m/0640987	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what type of music is organ thieves
www.freebase.com/m/0fb68m	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does thomas jerome welsh practice?
www.freebase.com/m/04wj1nk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/081qc	what is the subject of the book in pursuit of flavor
www.freebase.com/m/0gyt_39	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	Which position in baseball does jeff rineer play
www.freebase.com/m/0gbj6bd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format was live and dangerous released on
www.freebase.com/m/01_grn	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/0d2kt	what is the name of the mouth of river lea
www.freebase.com/m/0nb8lgm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	what label signed zendee rose tenerefe
www.freebase.com/m/0cly9s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05f_3	what netflix genre is insomnia?
www.freebase.com/m/04xrx	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02vys3l	Which ethnicity is mariah carey?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01hyks	Name a university in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/018jcq	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0gc0tb	which historical events took place in osaka prefecture?
www.freebase.com/m/027tr_7	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0btj0	who is the director for go west?
www.freebase.com/m/0fs29	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02bb26	port of spain is in which nation?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy002	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is park cheol-hie
www.freebase.com/m/07kj1s5	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country held battle of the samichon river
www.freebase.com/m/08j43b	www.freebase.com/base/fight/sports_official/sport	www.freebase.com/m/018jz	what sports does derryl cousins play?
www.freebase.com/m/01l63	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05k4ch	Name someone born in belfast
www.freebase.com/m/0sgy0k5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What format was happy hanukkah released as
www.freebase.com/m/0gkyy8h	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was these wilder years filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0cq24_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0kzy0	Who composed ten little indians?
www.freebase.com/m/05wt7m	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	The tv program la piovra falls into which genre?
www.freebase.com/m/03n0q5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zzjj0	which track is song by robert b. sherman
www.freebase.com/m/0qfyg8y	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tw31	Who is an artist from the original album classics album
www.freebase.com/m/02vpyk8	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	which country does the valea glon»õului river flow into
www.freebase.com/m/0kfx2_t	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/03gm79	what company produced beyond outrage
www.freebase.com/m/01q0ll	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/04ygyx2	What is a model of a rover?
www.freebase.com/m/02pcngy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06mtq	Which state in Australia is the city of whyalla
www.freebase.com/m/01mqq49	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/015dl5b	What is a track that x-press 2 does?
www.freebase.com/m/06zmtz1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kinds of movie is il sogno di zorro
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hyvt9	What rock music was released in the 1990's?
www.freebase.com/m/01dqw24	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0338251	what album was alice in wonderland apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0396v5x	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what medium was 100 greatest tv themes released in?
www.freebase.com/m/01ng7l3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where did baxter1111 start out
www.freebase.com/m/03c_ds	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is kim perrot's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/07hnbs	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/03qsdpk	Name a sector of the american theatre wing
www.freebase.com/m/0bfy0d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0c7hq	where is telese terme located at?
www.freebase.com/m/03x4s5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what kind of program is figure it out
www.freebase.com/m/03zjf_5	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the release format of the album 101% euphoria anthems
www.freebase.com/m/0zk0g9d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/014d3y	Who composed heart in winter
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_sport/events	www.freebase.com/m/07mx9qd	What's the boxing event in the olympics
www.freebase.com/m/07qy3j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/extraterrestrial_location/on_celestial_object	www.freebase.com/m/04wv_	Where is the extraterrestrial prandtl located
www.freebase.com/m/04qqnv	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0md41	What's the subject of into the west
www.freebase.com/m/02682lg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	where did sunday reed die
www.freebase.com/m/03yks2n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0479blx	what was priscilla ahn's first album
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b6mdb7	what are some romance films
www.freebase.com/m/0ll5f	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0l3n4	which county is lititz in
www.freebase.com/m/01m9qwg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	What is the genre of self-titled album?
www.freebase.com/m/073tm9	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/011lgw	Which artist is signed to def jam recordings?
www.freebase.com/m/0bz_js	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02stb2	what type of game is toheart
www.freebase.com/m/01kd7n_	www.freebase.com/music/featured_artist/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h3tqgz	what is an album by az (rapper)
www.freebase.com/m/010b47	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mpyh	What county is gilmer in
www.freebase.com/m/01c3f8_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l20xxj	what title track came from the recording  coast to coast
www.freebase.com/m/0d_b8st	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0jy36	what format is the release coltrane, john in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fk_r24	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ffdjpf	which track released paint a picture
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05v32n8	what movie is indie film
www.freebase.com/m/02rwcl7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of content is the album ?
www.freebase.com/m/02wh45	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f46bx5	whats the name of one of lou rawls's chirstmas songs
www.freebase.com/m/03c710s	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03c71bb	What's a film directed by fred kelsey
www.freebase.com/m/047tfq2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03whpdf	who published b-17 flying fortress: the mighty 8th?
www.freebase.com/m/0bnp30	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jx0k	where was ma≈Çgorzata foremniak born?
www.freebase.com/m/03z7vy8	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is masters collection an album or a dvd
www.freebase.com/m/070_v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07k3wtw	what is the name of a person who was born in silesia
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lpcp_	What is an album by Phil Ochs?
www.freebase.com/m/0k6n_h1	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dd501	Who directed beauty culture?
www.freebase.com/m/03s43p	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what countries was affected by hurricane inez?
www.freebase.com/m/027v644	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/05mzxt9	what game was developed by smart bomb interactive
www.freebase.com/m/01k5hzy	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k5j1d	Who released the album jerusalem
www.freebase.com/m/09r1g5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of show was the tv program chobits 
www.freebase.com/m/07k6yw5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what movie genre is force of arms
www.freebase.com/m/0dzz6g	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what netflix genre is american splendor 
www.freebase.com/m/02pjb37	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender best categorizes george o'boyle
www.freebase.com/m/0ftn444	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01clyr	what is the label for the release long live rock n roll?
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01z8f0	what area is located in united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/02r5xqd	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what is a color of pope john xxiii high school
www.freebase.com/m/0g4dpcb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is the kismat konnection
www.freebase.com/m/03qcts7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of music is d√©but de soir√©e considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/07csvy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01mjq	Which country was ond≈ôej soukup born in
www.freebase.com/m/029gzp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is hob gadling's sex
www.freebase.com/m/075djts	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is andrei malyukov's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/057mnd	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0b97p2	What famous structure was developed by the architect robert dunsmuir
www.freebase.com/m/0134mx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	What label signed the band the zombies
www.freebase.com/m/02750l	www.freebase.com/base/militaryinfiction/military_conflict_in_fiction/military_characters_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0gwkm	who was involved in the battle of the hornburg?
www.freebase.com/m/018w8	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/teams	www.freebase.com/m/04mww3d	whats the name of a basketball team
www.freebase.com/m/04cq29	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which nation was moses malone born into
www.freebase.com/m/07jwrb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what book genre is neverness?
www.freebase.com/m/03d6_gm	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtykx	What drug was marketed by cyanocobalamin?
www.freebase.com/m/0mhfr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/080mf01	Name a country rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/031zjs	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0505b0	Who created mandalay pictures?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxzw	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzjm3w	which county is montgomery county in 
www.freebase.com/m/0wr3v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ng4x	which places in america contains pearl river?
www.freebase.com/m/05zmplz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	which city did les keiter pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0fxr900	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0msnyfh	what is a song on my only companion 
www.freebase.com/m/01q3frd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0v0b6j	what is a song by harco pront
www.freebase.com/m/0cqm0j	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	What time zone is alife, campania a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/01jssh7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014g7r	which artist release the album cabu collection: charlie christian?
www.freebase.com/m/02wv7b2	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/013gbxz	what tracks did vini reilly produce 
www.freebase.com/m/016394	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0slh86	what song is by booker t. & the m.g.'s?
www.freebase.com/m/09p6b4r	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03wbl14	What platform is wild west guns in?
www.freebase.com/m/0m9l2j9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dqw3dn	what is a track from way of life
www.freebase.com/m/0416kph	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qzt1	what type of music is composed by joey stec
www.freebase.com/m/0dmxz6l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c542	which artist recorded christmas 
www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_jurisdiction/agencies	www.freebase.com/m/0chmpk	what agencies are there in the philippines?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0bvjtn	what's the name of a high school in independence, missouri
www.freebase.com/m/02qlr9_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/082h2g	What company published the game aleste 2
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0gll7g	What's an example of a public school?
www.freebase.com/m/03d8t00	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the book tales from planet earth
www.freebase.com/m/0crx96j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the wall: a world divided from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bqvk1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the platte river located in
www.freebase.com/m/013xpk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/constellation/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07wt9p	What star can be found in sculptor (constellation)?
www.freebase.com/m/03km_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j47flf	who is nia long's child?
www.freebase.com/m/03vyh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04y8rhs	what album is part of instrumental genre
www.freebase.com/m/0smwks4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012_t_	who recorded symphony no. 9 in d minor, op. 125?
www.freebase.com/m/072n7b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0vtbw	what city and state is bemidji regional airport in
www.freebase.com/m/0h3q75m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0k_kr	dennis hale recorded under what music label
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crslbp	an example of an lgbt film is what?
www.freebase.com/m/0y4dt4t	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/05qkp	What is the name of a country located in the  papua new guinea time
www.freebase.com/m/0hgrdc5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position does daniel ivanovski play
www.freebase.com/m/0t5_cwg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is james cook's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm_j4	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone is san felice a cancello in
www.freebase.com/m/029h7y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01wr3f4	What is the name of a popular electro artist
www.freebase.com/m/0191l8	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04vl1j	who produced for love or country: the arturo sandoval story
www.freebase.com/m/0ffpc8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	Where was sydney park born?
www.freebase.com/m/0xsj88j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of michael williams
www.freebase.com/m/04lg14m	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is on nedelja na duhove
www.freebase.com/m/04w67d0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/073q1	What is the subject of the politics of heroin in southeast asia?
www.freebase.com/m/07_3vm	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fhgc3	who is the male director of the film brown sugar?
www.freebase.com/m/01s6bd	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v3qsm	What is a book edition that was published by zadie smith
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g9b2kh	Who is a screenwriter?
www.freebase.com/m/05ssb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026ny	what kind of book is a scanner darkly
www.freebase.com/m/05ny9s	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/08ln0f	rob cohen is in the credits of what movie
www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0jwxzbc	what discovery did palomar observatory make
www.freebase.com/m/0h23f6c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What genre does anna bergendahl perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/01b4c6	Name an adventure book by Douglas Adams
www.freebase.com/m/0dht1n	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What book genre does black & blue belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/06rhq6	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0_m1tjg	who is the founder of kentucky educational television?
www.freebase.com/m/0k2m4jl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jerry e. hinshaw's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05615b9	which football player was born in south korea?
www.freebase.com/m/0n5p_d8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/021gt5	where was mary arden born?
www.freebase.com/m/026yysz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kwh4	what type of videogame is combat flight simulator wwii europe series?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpft0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07gql	what instrument does fred tackett play
www.freebase.com/m/0524b41	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/0377l	What is the show game of thrones adapted from
www.freebase.com/m/06p561y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05wxmh_	who wrote soviet union
www.freebase.com/m/02px8yj	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/02gn1x	where does dxam play
www.freebase.com/m/09gbdh0	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/06101p	Who directed the film to live and die in mongkok
www.freebase.com/m/03fwl	www.freebase.com/biology/domesticated_animal/breeds	www.freebase.com/m/046kwh	which goat does the domestic goat come from 
www.freebase.com/m/02w4tdq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/021_z5	what is the genre of the album the lover in me?
www.freebase.com/m/010cf2m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lw53fj	what is a track from glendale
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtx7q	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is rabeprazole sodium 20 delayed release tablet
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/book/periodical_subject/periodicals	www.freebase.com/m/0wjgfn5	What's a magazine that covers punk rock
www.freebase.com/m/0f55lrc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fg62f0	What's a release from dangerous
www.freebase.com/m/0wlqq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is dumont in?
www.freebase.com/m/0lj5mcd	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/024f6r_	which record is part of jamaica
www.freebase.com/m/01l_twh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	What type of music is the album back in your arms
www.freebase.com/m/05h4wvh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the nationality of jane rogers?
www.freebase.com/m/0dkxb6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of film is mirrors
www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/047gs5d	what movie is classified as a period piece title
www.freebase.com/m/02pq7pm	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/03s2cf	who publishes new avengers/transformers
www.freebase.com/m/02d4hg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rj0z	what is e. clay shaw, jr. place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0264bv1	what is the name of a midfielder football player
www.freebase.com/m/04j0yh5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language was love - zero = infinity in?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03f_ftj	Name an album
www.freebase.com/m/0ws7	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/previously_known_as	www.freebase.com/m/06mm3fq	what was the former name of the arizona cardinals
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hgd46	What is cher's compilation album titled? 
www.freebase.com/m/0gskbr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	What genre of album was love, peace & poetry ‚Äì vol.7 mexican
www.freebase.com/m/0_thdcp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/010d61	where did frank o. spinney die
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0d2klc	What's a soundtrack that features pop rock music
www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/073ch5	whats an example of a melodic death metal album
www.freebase.com/m/0c05p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06gk7	what kinds of music is played by anton bruckner
www.freebase.com/m/03gq6c4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hyxv	where was debi gliori born
www.freebase.com/m/0jtpv9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/048fz	Where was yu seon-dong born?
www.freebase.com/m/094rh	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02rsw	what is the religion of george marshall?
www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02pk7j0	Which famous editor was born in argentina?
www.freebase.com/m/01pdb77	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	What is anywhere but here
www.freebase.com/m/01hl6t0	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0dsyr3l	what was the primary release of aquemini
www.freebase.com/m/0dr5y	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/033v5p	What is the name of a film written by john carpenter
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0d3cwd	What artist used a drum kit
www.freebase.com/m/02rkj8r	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does kieran darlow play 
www.freebase.com/m/0crwd1b	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What type of film is hippos and rhinos considered to be on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/03cjtfr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is george rumbold's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0p4_x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05cv5_	which label is nile signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0gqfsr	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03fw4k	Who directed the film parinda
www.freebase.com/m/02r46q7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was brian wayne peterson born?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0g58x0c	Who painted the painting The crested weed fish
www.freebase.com/m/02hmfv3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	what platform is team fortress classic played on?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7qb88	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0jwzp	what city did andrzej przybielski come from
www.freebase.com/m/0m7sxk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02rnbc	Who is the artist that recorded we six
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clvycv	What university is located in Eastern United States?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc8755	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which star system contains 13058 alfredstevens
www.freebase.com/m/025_n0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	In which country is mursley located?
www.freebase.com/m/018h856	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/035rd26	what is a release from fever
www.freebase.com/m/05f76mt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0b1t1	where did olenka and the autumn lovers begin
www.freebase.com/m/03xwfsr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of frankly sentimental
www.freebase.com/m/03nb2p	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/04mzqm2	what book does the character jason bourne appear in
www.freebase.com/m/02vk9n_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/01lr3v	what is gwen grayson known for
www.freebase.com/m/0fpdsj6	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what is a language that keiko kusakabe speaks
www.freebase.com/m/0np2r5_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/09jd9nh	What is dangerous
www.freebase.com/m/02hx7kd	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/0xn6	what is the writing system that north mesopotamian arabic uses
www.freebase.com/m/066m_wx	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/013xrm	What ethnicity is patrick hager?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfq19n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What did vladimir vidic do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/023gffr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of early classics
www.freebase.com/m/03y7kv3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which star does 5568 mufson orbit
www.freebase.com/m/04qyrk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was the other side of the sky written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g53dg0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of rock music does the easter island statues play
www.freebase.com/m/0cqb3s5	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	In what film format was the movie the silence filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0nbx1g9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the native language in the show the pulse
www.freebase.com/m/0qt4kvb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xkyn	Where was tyler clementi born
www.freebase.com/m/0bmmyp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	in which country was bhogaraju pattabhi sitaramayya born
www.freebase.com/m/06br8	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/type_of_rugby/players_of_this_type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/0942fs	Name someone who played in the rugby union
www.freebase.com/m/02z8b2h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02x8kk	who was the creator of the fictional character hitman (marvel comics)
www.freebase.com/m/01ly2j1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04x73	who is the artist of the album girls, girls, girls?
www.freebase.com/m/03f7f94	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	what label is boyband under 
www.freebase.com/m/01f1p9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0665q0	Name an artist from the christian metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/027jdq_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what sort of film is kim
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrp03	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01z3ym	what is an active ingredigent in pacific
www.freebase.com/m/02qzmz6	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h5snvh	who was the film art director of sliver (film)
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03m7brv	what is a lake in the united states.
www.freebase.com/m/0qpy4s_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	who is enrique medrano
www.freebase.com/m/028d7h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f04v	which city was henry suzzallo born
www.freebase.com/m/01sb5r	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/027fg31	which composition is written by joe walsh
www.freebase.com/m/015pt7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what type of music does ginger baker play
www.freebase.com/m/0h00ltp	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/08t9f5	who is a female offspring of christine taylor
www.freebase.com/m/01tjvv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04080xy	Name someone who was born in durban.
www.freebase.com/m/0_dmb_p	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is all the best a compilation album or soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/03d1957	what is an example of architecture with a gothic revival architecture style
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04fd25	what is a drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/02pjxr	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0_sr8wn	Who is a production designer?
www.freebase.com/m/03_dj	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h3ms1	Which film did jonathan swift do the writing for
www.freebase.com/m/0492gq6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	Where is wilder located at?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3x_dj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is Sarah Hill's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3y8f1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	Which language is total drama filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ky832	what album is a type of rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/01mbt5r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cdrpr	What is a track by jimmy dorsey?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3g8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/01ffk4	Who is a character from elf?
www.freebase.com/m/01l5myq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where did Gene Krupa originate?
www.freebase.com/m/0j72lvb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hn0	what types of movie is kony 2012: part ii - beyond famous
www.freebase.com/m/04w46_q	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04xp5mz	what edition came from sylvia
www.freebase.com/m/013q8	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/rocket/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/02t63	who is the manufacturer of ariane 5
www.freebase.com/m/01m6svz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is the album desert lights
www.freebase.com/m/071tlc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0_wst	where was the death place of charlie lea
www.freebase.com/m/0dl567	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sk5g3_	what songs are by taylor swift
www.freebase.com/m/0d977r	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of anna brewster?
www.freebase.com/m/0rvt7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	which state is chamblee in
www.freebase.com/m/0j_v8	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/07z4br	who directed the movie a night at the opera
www.freebase.com/m/039j03w	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kw4j5	What album features the track instant delivery
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ky62k	What's the name of Maureen Tucker's live album?
www.freebase.com/m/0xj6r	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is hanley hills in
www.freebase.com/m/0bwkgc5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	where did alem√£o spend the last day of his life?
www.freebase.com/m/02cf0h	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/02cf1y	What is a geographical attraction in  kiama
www.freebase.com/m/0cws6m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y1rf	where is norman kerry's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/018w0j	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0781gt	which battle was fought during the gulf war
www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048x2lm	What's a city within georgia (u.s. state)
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/024b19x	What's a compilation album featuring inti-illimani
www.freebase.com/m/04_1bz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dlxj	Where did pyotr masherov die
www.freebase.com/m/02785z3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025s89p	what kind of tv show is wordgirl 
www.freebase.com/m/03ckcmz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	What genre of music  does gerard joling make
www.freebase.com/m/02pr4js	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k3hn	what county is beauport in
www.freebase.com/m/02j9r82	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hnl	what is the university of kerala 
www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_subject/tv_episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0dj5rr5	What is the name of a football tv episode?
www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/03ql5bl	What is the name of a reality television show?
www.freebase.com/m/03b1y62	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What type of format was kelis was here released in
www.freebase.com/m/0g7wl8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what is the gameplay mode of the game j-league eleven beat 1997?
www.freebase.com/m/0g769nx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6jysb	What's a track from the lady is a tramp
www.freebase.com/m/02r87n4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h6fbs	whats tilman pesch's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0gn2fr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is san nazzaro, campania
www.freebase.com/m/0djcsy2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What kind of film is the long walk to freedom
www.freebase.com/m/06c44	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0r5dpjl	who is a child of richard wagner
www.freebase.com/m/03d_zyj	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01wj0gb	who was influenced by dr. demento?
www.freebase.com/m/04cyc_v	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	what type of architectural style is st. johns episcopal church
www.freebase.com/m/0dy0cqr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mcd4kl	what is the title track from the recording of jungle fever
www.freebase.com/m/04t016r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what film genre does shaman fall in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mzww	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09v89s1	Who was born in pasadena, california
www.freebase.com/m/04w2778	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02m4t	what topic is a finite thinking about?
www.freebase.com/m/0_sypn2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what film genre is laugh clown laugh
www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qdvm9	Who is the former Justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan born in mumbai
www.freebase.com/m/032dlf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/04ykr6	who created smugglers run
www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05vq69	whats the name of university in ohio
www.freebase.com/m/0163m1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbwt6	What type of content is earth, wind & fire's music?
www.freebase.com/m/0c27lb	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is the official color for grayson county college?
www.freebase.com/m/01p9926	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0by292	what label is jack frost signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0d0c61	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what is the netflix genre of the title the wild child
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crt7rs	which thriller (genre) film in netflix takes place in a city?
www.freebase.com/m/02vtb4n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the movie supercock
www.freebase.com/m/049zzrq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	What US state is watervale located?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0wc_c	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lxng1	Name a track from the album pulse.
www.freebase.com/m/047s6xn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is john henry kreitler from 
www.freebase.com/m/0zfk6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mx3k	which county \\contains gresham
www.freebase.com/m/0dvphhx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/049p5h2	seed is from which album 
www.freebase.com/m/02s6d9	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/featured_characters	www.freebase.com/m/070vn	What character is featured in superman: red son?
www.freebase.com/m/03j698l	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which format contains mastermix classic cuts 90: electric 80s
www.freebase.com/m/0fgs1	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/02x9r0q	who is a character from king lear?
www.freebase.com/m/04zvh8	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03d2cfk	Who was the European producer for last life in the universe?
www.freebase.com/m/03j6qv4	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country was jukebox released
www.freebase.com/m/0kyr5yp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/05wj0k	who was the developer of the game  shellshock
www.freebase.com/m/04j1dy2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what type of movie was the film gunfighters moon?
www.freebase.com/m/03fh59k	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what region is all the best: his greatest hits from 
www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03m3yf5	What is an album of alternative metal music?
www.freebase.com/m/07k7rc0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	what is  alex grass reason for dying
www.freebase.com/m/0knqq_n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0316y1z	Which release is soldier on?
www.freebase.com/m/04w0mrl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/072y8c	who published the book edition the halloween tree
www.freebase.com/m/02q9m67	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jmxb	what is the place of birth of edward allington?
www.freebase.com/m/0qdzd	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs2tjv	What's a b movie released in 2010
www.freebase.com/m/049wsv6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01z7dr	What type of music is rockman x8 original soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/048p_2f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n4w	what state is grandview in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fryqc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is george rideout
www.freebase.com/m/0q8rfs7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q9kmy0	what release includes the track evolution
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03g94g8	what is an example of an ambient music album
www.freebase.com/m/04w7rqr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0g204	What was mismeasure of women written about>?
www.freebase.com/m/0mhdvb9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f7th1y	what is a track on georgia?
www.freebase.com/m/06yfglj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02sf85	which tv series has an episode titled miami
www.freebase.com/m/02r0v4y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What caused the death of lamar mchan?
www.freebase.com/m/0zh6cqz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the composition autumn (paradise is free)
www.freebase.com/m/03y2snv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What type of star system is 5551 glikson
www.freebase.com/m/01pcsj6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	what was the cause of death of weldon irvine
www.freebase.com/m/037jg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03b79	What empire was gustav kirchhoff a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0c1gf93	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	what city was ghyslaine c√¥t√© born?
www.freebase.com/m/033r25	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is tommy flowers's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_v2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cs2jkr	Name a title in the netflix genre thai language
www.freebase.com/m/0h8c4db	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	Where in Asia was bianca siu davies born?
www.freebase.com/m/02nnwg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is leigh haggerwood's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04w2yh1	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	preacher vol. 4 is what book genre?
www.freebase.com/m/05q3vm9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k5p1	which hampton was kyle haynes born in
www.freebase.com/m/0ktpxw4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/017j0f4	What release is argentina a part of
www.freebase.com/m/09g9ncc	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016fly	What is the profession of t. m. mcnally?
www.freebase.com/m/0_scww5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is denis thorpe
www.freebase.com/m/032l72k	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is judy at carnegie hall?
www.freebase.com/m/083chw	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01cjt	what religion does rainn wilson practice?
www.freebase.com/m/03j6m68	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0rv1qvq	What's a song off of the very best of lounge: love lounge
www.freebase.com/m/0yp35hs	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what does walter peacock do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/04t29c_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre is the book a question of time?
www.freebase.com/m/04txb8c	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what type of binding does the book dead enders have
www.freebase.com/m/03ffz_y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dr0p7r	what is a song on the holiday wishes album
www.freebase.com/m/0prc2k	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0shvbg	What is the name of a version of the single oklahoma?
www.freebase.com/m/01jqjl3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0dc95	Wher edid the group tribes of neurot originate
www.freebase.com/m/0j6wwms	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What profession is richard keith
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/09_lgt	what is a type of public school?
www.freebase.com/m/0yccc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is rye brook in?
www.freebase.com/m/01_22_	www.freebase.com/opera/opera_genre/operas_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02r3zsw	Name an opera that falls under the opera seria genre
www.freebase.com/m/0ybk5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f6zs	what county is chester included in
www.freebase.com/m/0qjwckb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album does the content from playlist your way classify it
www.freebase.com/m/0fkc1xn	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	what record label released oddities, abnormalities and curiosities?
www.freebase.com/m/01p0jh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03fz80x	which album is created by air supply
www.freebase.com/m/019nvl	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05zm34	What football position does joe krol play?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03yhkqt	which asteroid was discovered in the solar system in 1992?
www.freebase.com/m/0csbl4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	which city is man man from?
www.freebase.com/m/05p553	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03c49zn	What movie is a comedy?
www.freebase.com/m/0k1v7xf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	where was the discovery of (12971) 4054 t-3 made?
www.freebase.com/m/063_s4m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	rob may is most associated with what musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/0fzgz91	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0ljh89	what is the first recorded composition of the prince
www.freebase.com/m/0_sklc4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country filmed mr. polman wants to fit in
www.freebase.com/m/02pfnyk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What type of music does gary jarman create
www.freebase.com/m/0vzjbrj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is Debbie Bledsoe's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddf60	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03mp8k	What record label is jussi syd√§nmaa a part of
www.freebase.com/m/012dfx	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0p98z	What area contains river yare?
www.freebase.com/m/0r60q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04jd08b	What is the name of a prison that is located in lompoc, california?
www.freebase.com/m/01nkmw	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/airport_type	www.freebase.com/m/01xpkvj	What type of airport is lyon airport
www.freebase.com/m/059xz4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	410 chloris is classified as what type of celestial body?
www.freebase.com/m/01vm34v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02k_kn	Which type of music does astudio create
www.freebase.com/m/02x6grg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album sitti in the mix: the dense modesto remixes
www.freebase.com/m/0prrm	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03kw8k	who was the producer of the film jay and silent bob strike back
www.freebase.com/m/0cw1w1	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hh20dh	Who was the production designer on the motion picture bombay talkie?
www.freebase.com/m/03gvnt3	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/chromosome	www.freebase.com/m/099php	Which chromosome is found in homeobox a10?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqspmd	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what type of drug is  western ragweed
www.freebase.com/m/01py4w0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	which instrument does byther smith play
www.freebase.com/m/0xm5095	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0x7j13r	THe release track knowing is from which recording
www.freebase.com/m/039jf57	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ls35fz	What's a song released on city of djinn
www.freebase.com/m/05p1fw1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/012b30	which label is created by robin pecknold
www.freebase.com/m/02cj3	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kqqpd	what is the temperament of the  dachshund
www.freebase.com/m/0fn3_lg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xkh8w	Name a track released by deep purple
www.freebase.com/m/03gxz3f	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of thurston house?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22df	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/01n81q	what is the name of an italian foreign action & adventure
www.freebase.com/m/03f5tws	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fwv_fd	what is a song performed by amnesia
www.freebase.com/m/01hm5xm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was in the zone first released
www.freebase.com/m/01wwvd2	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0lmhhwt	what composition was done by l.a. reid
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0q74_tr	what is a pop music album
www.freebase.com/m/04lk04w	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/070bsb	which 2005 fantasy film was produced by wolfgang herold?
www.freebase.com/m/03wglg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of james reese europe?
www.freebase.com/m/08cxt21	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0htlr	Who wrote my dad is 100 years old?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs94p	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01s7k	What are the active ingredients in carbon dioxide-air mixture?
www.freebase.com/m/03224f	www.freebase.com/base/disaster2/death_causing_event/person_killed	www.freebase.com/m/04qwhf	Who's a person killed during the rwandan genocide
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wh93d	What would be an autobiography
www.freebase.com/m/02r74r9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What is anu hassan's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/05ws87r	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0k0pms	Who is camilo jos√© cela conde's father
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04cwtfy	What is the name of a thriller (genre) film
www.freebase.com/m/0_7dhw	www.freebase.com/dataworld/gardening_hint/split_to	www.freebase.com/m/0bb7kth	which country is split to vietnam
www.freebase.com/m/0kw1n5y	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0c10k5	Who directed the episode rumors?
www.freebase.com/m/02rhxtn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01jb8r	What language is natutulog pa ang diyos in?
www.freebase.com/m/0vc6x2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032_08w	which song is part of nothing but trouble
www.freebase.com/m/05np8s	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/03gx1r3	Where is university neighborhood
www.freebase.com/m/0fcv00	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	what city did battle of mello take place at?
www.freebase.com/m/0rhclnt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is laura dawe's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0v08n5n	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is no church in the wild?
www.freebase.com/m/09_mxk	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	what types of food is contains by pomegranate juice
www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cgyh6	What is the name of a township within the state of indiana
www.freebase.com/m/0nfkmv3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is mutsumi sasaki
www.freebase.com/m/0j12rcf	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05y4f_	Who is the father of celine garrel
www.freebase.com/m/0b3x0fh	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what does laini taylor do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/01d4j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/0hmw925	What book is the book of daniel a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02rjb4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre on netflix is my life without me
www.freebase.com/m/0c8tk	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0rzttn_	what event happened in 2012 in chennai
www.freebase.com/m/026c43z	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/0dc9kn	what character is from the  mutant species
www.freebase.com/m/03qk7fj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dzt9	where in virginia did junius edgar west buy the farm
www.freebase.com/m/064cx1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	which style of film is sleeping dogs?
www.freebase.com/m/053k78	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x1t9d	which artist is signed with metal blade records?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m87	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02qdc8y	what is a drama on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0zk0rj7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the composition in years defaced: 5. at a lunar eclipse written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dl67z	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01_30_	what company published dark sun: wake of the ravager?
www.freebase.com/m/05ft9h	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01pl8l0	what was the music in the film revolution
www.freebase.com/m/08txq1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where did mary meigs take her last breath
www.freebase.com/m/09969	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01pr8n	which royalty died of a  brain tumor
www.freebase.com/m/0gt5jn	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/0gxw1f	Which school district is sequoia middle school located in?
www.freebase.com/m/06kmz	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/02kvl06	what disease uses radiation therapy?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqp1zf	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	what color is pravastatin sodium 20 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/05b0h3m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is berk trade and business school?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvf2nz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fvf2q8	Name a track off the release chandelle
www.freebase.com/m/0gyjcg3	www.freebase.com/event/disaster_victim/killed_in_disaster	www.freebase.com/m/03hzt	what disaster was max ament killed in
www.freebase.com/m/01nr4yn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0hyxv	where is aereogramme from 
www.freebase.com/m/0162pn	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/015_hb	what was influenced by fran√ßois-ren√© de chateaubriand
www.freebase.com/m/0dsz00s	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	how was cancer released 
www.freebase.com/m/07wscw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsgny	What is the marketed formulation of the drug estazolam
www.freebase.com/m/0w8fsyq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what is the album content type of then came bronson
www.freebase.com/m/0jwgw90	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/07z4p	what film format is slippage in 
www.freebase.com/m/0tmbtzp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037y09j	what album has the track cars on it
www.freebase.com/m/0bdg5	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03mh2lt	who was born in bath, somerset?
www.freebase.com/m/05n__16	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05c1k67	what films has shyam prasad reddy produced
www.freebase.com/m/0g6ycvm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of live at carnegie hall
www.freebase.com/m/05qrr4	www.freebase.com/base/terrorism/terrorist_organization/considered_terrorist_by	www.freebase.com/m/0_6t_z8	what is a target of revolutionary people's liberation party‚Äìfront
www.freebase.com/m/0fww1z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what type of music does shim mina play
www.freebase.com/m/026z7zy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is yancy derringer in
www.freebase.com/m/07f76fp	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/reviewed_topic	www.freebase.com/m/047svrl	what topic was reviewed on review of funny people at movies.tvguide.com
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gl3y3b	What would be called a drama
www.freebase.com/m/03c9rr4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05mwx	where did hans schjellerup's mother give birth
www.freebase.com/m/01ydq5	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/0f59qlq	Which soundtrack is played in the film The Aristocrats?
www.freebase.com/m/06k50f	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what player mode is lcd games from the legend of zelda series played in?
www.freebase.com/m/031kq5	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are the colors for the sports team sacramento river cats?
www.freebase.com/m/0272ly9	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	which state did the 1st georgia infantry originate from
www.freebase.com/m/06_b4g3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02g06k	What is the location of criterion theatre?
www.freebase.com/m/0dbt2v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/071vr	where was susie scott born
www.freebase.com/m/09nkkl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released the film rachel and the stranger
www.freebase.com/m/06w6nzk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was i hate valentines day filmed in>
www.freebase.com/m/0glz1mb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what category of film is panorama 
www.freebase.com/m/02rfzzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	Name a gameplay mode in the game socom: u.s. navy seals tactical strike
www.freebase.com/m/04y81j4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	which city did rudolf fernau die
www.freebase.com/m/03hk882	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gnxk	who wrote the story for the sea hawk
www.freebase.com/m/03yjbn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kinds of music is catalyst
www.freebase.com/m/0g748g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what types of music is rain on me
www.freebase.com/m/03b30mh	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	What label is live at the quick released on
www.freebase.com/m/017rqm	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/02xxgv	who is a female suffrage activist
www.freebase.com/m/0k0m7w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of scot mcfadyen?
www.freebase.com/m/0h638gy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (13020) 1988 pw2 go around
www.freebase.com/m/0275j8t	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war is the admiralty islands campaign included in
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ft09m8	What is an example of a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/03c_0sr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country filmed lukes speedy club life
www.freebase.com/m/0rdp8	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/02_5j82	what's suffield's zip code
www.freebase.com/m/07k531q	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which war was joachim schlichting involved in?
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02mm3n	who plays death metal music?
www.freebase.com/m/08xq_n	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/0124nx	which island off the west coast of Scotland is served by the benbecula airport
www.freebase.com/m/01r0xz	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0sm3	Who is the father of the biblical figure miriam?
www.freebase.com/m/05f7v2d	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/039y96	which artist recorded the crawling distance 
www.freebase.com/m/07fk4z6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/073_6	What movement is demonstrated in prozopoeme?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh788	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	What is the subject of de vere as shakespeare
www.freebase.com/m/0f_vw6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0nqv1	where was peter brabrook born 
www.freebase.com/m/0h3tqpj	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of art does arieh lubin perform
www.freebase.com/m/01zyz6y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j_1v	what is the county that encompasses deltona
www.freebase.com/m/01258	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fj7z	what genre is aol instant messenger 
www.freebase.com/m/03y768w	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what is the orbital relationship of 12310 londontario
www.freebase.com/m/03hh1p9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What type of music does sug produce?
www.freebase.com/m/037c09	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	to what nation does john j. kavelaars belong
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqf3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02qvz	which ingredients is contained of alcohol 620 cloth
www.freebase.com/m/01c2k3	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/is_part_of	www.freebase.com/m/07mc4	What religion is sakya apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/01_yjzz	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nhyp	what county is ham lake found in
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0xwxf	which city uses mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0b7896	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	Is cibola high school public or private 
www.freebase.com/m/02hxmm6	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/07c5l	what region is spanish, loreto-ucayali language spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0crdxvy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	which city was ayako shirasaki born
www.freebase.com/m/0bf79w	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/0cgjkd6	who did the set decoration in vampires kiss
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/051zn_p	What is the name of a soccer midfielder?
www.freebase.com/m/0btyts	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/070yc	what subject is the book the new rebellion about
www.freebase.com/m/04v3b_j	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	How was the book terry bound
www.freebase.com/m/05fb26j	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	which position did ike van zandt play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/04w7ty6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	which genre of book does white belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01s0l0	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/07pwhm	who is the parent of salman khan
www.freebase.com/m/01lyzfp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is the Best we could find+3 that never escaped?
www.freebase.com/m/065wvc0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/period_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/0194x	what style of painting is the proposition
www.freebase.com/m/0bxyzcd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	where did gilda come from
www.freebase.com/m/0cxnqg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	what type of school is universitas terbuka
www.freebase.com/m/06c2w2z	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0d9mf74	What is and edition of the book canada
www.freebase.com/m/015h31	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0zwynbf	Name a professional animator
www.freebase.com/m/0lqlqn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02vkkn	Who produced the recording beyond the mirage
www.freebase.com/m/06zkw9s	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0byqvv	What filmmaker directed the movie soul mates?
www.freebase.com/m/06h7w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is rob pike
www.freebase.com/m/01914	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rg5l	Which ruler was born in beijing?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7rhqt	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is hospital mix eight?
www.freebase.com/m/0w_jtv_	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/09glw	what mountain range is kabru north a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0c9_q	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05yrdgn	What is the name of a book written about cultural revolution?
www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crt7r2	Name a title in the latin american cinema genre of netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0fstjgt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fstjjb	what's one of the songs on hello mary lou
www.freebase.com/m/02rzq62	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01q0gpb	what artist plays mainstream jazz?
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04lmt3z	What is the biography written by  Peggy Noona?
www.freebase.com/m/027msrd	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	What type of organization is neusoft group?
www.freebase.com/m/0nlhnhr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nprwvd	which track is part of jazz
www.freebase.com/m/048dpg	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/057bj	What is the occupation of fictional character miles teg
www.freebase.com/m/063c0y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0ftlx	Where is the origin of the artist kayhan kalhor
www.freebase.com/m/0gjblmc	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0674l0	what is the production company of ghost: mouichido dakishimetai?
www.freebase.com/m/02qq2jz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre film is anthuleni katha?
www.freebase.com/m/088l2x	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/027vps	Who produced double wedding
www.freebase.com/m/0pgjm	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0k6zzdm	who is a child of michael mckean
www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/06ntvl	what character lives in the fictional  dc universe
www.freebase.com/m/0b449jx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language was diane - die geschichte einer pariserin written in
www.freebase.com/m/0x0w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w276s	What is the name of a book about aesthetics
www.freebase.com/m/0cc7_j	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/01z1jf2	what style of cuisine does its a grind coffee house serve?
www.freebase.com/m/01k3j1z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02hwm6	What is the record label the criminals are signed too?
www.freebase.com/m/0mgbtpw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f2r_7j	rocky mountains is part of which album 
www.freebase.com/m/0351_r9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was comedy released?
www.freebase.com/m/01hdtqw	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was cmon, cmon released as
www.freebase.com/m/05yn9n	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0197s6	which movement was ruth kligman involved
www.freebase.com/m/03_4tl	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vkvdv	What is the book edition published by ben mezrich
www.freebase.com/m/0gxnb1j	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	how did james morgan, jr. die
www.freebase.com/m/01vl17	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/01dlp8	What's a program created by osamu tezuka
www.freebase.com/m/0g98yzx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is Bob Hardison? 
www.freebase.com/m/0l2v0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0489zyv	what towns are in san luis obispo county
www.freebase.com/m/0gdc81	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does football player marco borriello play
www.freebase.com/m/0lscyjq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0xrf69	What is columbia the release track off of
www.freebase.com/m/0zkb4bm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01p7r_x	who was the lyricist that worked in the composition moonshot
www.freebase.com/m/0dlxj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/025szr3	Who is someone that was born in minsk
www.freebase.com/m/0d76_56	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What country is gold angel vol.15 from
www.freebase.com/m/0ls67qg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039kc6q	What release can you find the track reincarnation on?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wh2c0	which book is about the subject of the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0g9tfl9	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/0kcc7	what type of structure is ultimate picture palace
www.freebase.com/m/03y73px	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	where in space is 4741 leskov located 
www.freebase.com/m/04s4g6	www.freebase.com/base/fragrances/fragrances/made_by	www.freebase.com/m/06dr8q	what is a fragrance made by christian dior s.a.?
www.freebase.com/m/03671c	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/018qk6	what river does the llano river flow from
www.freebase.com/m/0y4f_7c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where did s√°ndor hindy die?
www.freebase.com/m/015q7v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what nationality is tom courtenay from
www.freebase.com/m/0cg1zp3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is magdalene hoff
www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/045b7z	what musician does alternative metal
www.freebase.com/m/04y_tl	www.freebase.com/law/judge/cases	www.freebase.com/m/01dh26	which case was michael mchugh on judge
www.freebase.com/m/0bqt4w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is lohr in
www.freebase.com/m/0mrl8x7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fw3gl6	What album featured the song catwoman
www.freebase.com/m/0238lz	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0bb6_mx	what lyrics were written by tony iommi?
www.freebase.com/m/02ssgt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05k_nc	What is the capital of veraguas province
www.freebase.com/m/02rlr7p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is peter sheridan a male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/03cj507	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of betsy eby
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/026fgj4	What is the name of an indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/01lbrmz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/018x3	who is the artist for wrong way up
www.freebase.com/m/01n82xv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the lp steal yer heart?
www.freebase.com/m/0d9xq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j2xp9	what albums did ella fitzgerald record
www.freebase.com/m/0f1q9h	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/characters	www.freebase.com/m/014ddg	who is a character in hornblower and the widow mccool
www.freebase.com/m/01t04r	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09k4khf	Name an artist signed to sanctuary records.
www.freebase.com/m/0gg4grb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07qzv	Where was uri regev born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03fj06	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is the country of origin of derrick?
www.freebase.com/m/01npl51	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sjwsl	What is a track by the musical artist an emotional fish?
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crtv4k	What film is in the mystery film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0g32ky	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02xtmd	where did river poddle start from 
www.freebase.com/m/01bsr99	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is marta
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04d_bc6	what is an example of a music program?
www.freebase.com/m/0px9ym9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01p1v	what country is lo que falta from?
www.freebase.com/m/04wds8_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/054yc0	What is the subject of the book marihuana en interior
www.freebase.com/m/05drwmd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01rzy2	who wrote the story for the tv series episode plane death?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp4bl4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mdlyzx	What is the name of a track on the recording closer?
www.freebase.com/m/02n6h3	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_facility/teams	www.freebase.com/m/02sc5	what team plays at the docklands stadium
www.freebase.com/m/0410_mn	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	which film was used for the damned united
www.freebase.com/m/0465q69	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what kind of video game is wario land: shake it!
www.freebase.com/m/05mwzs_	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/04j07h6	Name a film directed by dan turner
www.freebase.com/m/0gj8nfx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	Which country does ermano fegatilli have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/01lm8s_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0d48sn	what is the name of pastor troy's album
www.freebase.com/m/0tndm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p41n	which city contains forest
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/081rcz	what is a valley in united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/058qxsb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is john b. mansbridge's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04t2r_n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	What is the subject matter of the written work searching for candlestick park?
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gxs8m7	who was born in los angeles
www.freebase.com/m/0t8nsx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cgqwc	which artist recorded broken head
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/04cqrr3	what is a single-player created by Ubisoft Casablanca
www.freebase.com/m/0_klyty	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01k7tqt	who composed little bit of love
www.freebase.com/m/04j0nqp	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05ccxr	who is the music director of the silas marner film 
www.freebase.com/m/0485_5y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains sulphur spring?
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4gvd	what is the name of a military autobiography
www.freebase.com/m/01fc7p	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04k6z8	Who was a person involved in battle of gallipoli?
www.freebase.com/m/0nnwdcy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nrc1q6	what is the title track on kiribati
www.freebase.com/m/034cm	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/057629	Which book is written about great britain?
www.freebase.com/m/04079m2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre of book is the burden of proof
www.freebase.com/m/03y1kld	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is 8096 emilezola 
www.freebase.com/m/0gnfq	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/02vkb9p	who is a character in les miserables
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/07s05f	which animation show is based on hollywood gossip?
www.freebase.com/m/0ctv3d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where was dan bigras born 
www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05s5kn	What is the name of an episode written by trey parker
www.freebase.com/m/03fm2l9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fbkcxx	what track was released in elevator 2: electro-acoustic mood music
www.freebase.com/m/088v7y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/034qg	how did brian spencer die?
www.freebase.com/m/01w4nf9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	Which genre of music is peter mokran an artist of?
www.freebase.com/m/012x4t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is stevie wonder's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03j9cfx	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which physical format was hostel, part ii released in
www.freebase.com/m/0shcw6b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/02pl3pm	what is a track of the proper education album
www.freebase.com/m/0kyz3fx	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/022dh	what is the developer company of ken uston blackjack/poker
www.freebase.com/m/03nnzk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	which genre on netflix is the movie three amigos under
www.freebase.com/m/0j43h7l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is noi tre from?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_zn3v	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	what kind of movie is cracked not broken
www.freebase.com/m/05f67lz	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does Francesco Carratta play?
www.freebase.com/m/025z4sl	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/03vrjx	what is the format of warm
www.freebase.com/m/07hq75	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03kxdw	who was the writer of the film shakes the clown
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_genre/plays_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0193b9	List a play in the musical film genre
www.freebase.com/m/020qyjg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mxhc	Which county is clackamas located in
www.freebase.com/m/0154qm	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/04fmmgl	whats the name of cate blanchett's child
www.freebase.com/m/0bmm4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07bthq	who was a person born in ljubljana
www.freebase.com/m/0glt3wq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vtg4q	who recorded hey... bo diddley: in concert
www.freebase.com/m/02qc0_d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0263hn8	what label is steve lambke signed with
www.freebase.com/m/01jc54	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0b3hqt	what movie did jacques tati direct?
www.freebase.com/m/01jsqsj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is the essential pete seeger?
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03hhqp	what's the name of an an english psychedelic rock band from manchester
www.freebase.com/m/04vj1q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0j8p	what kind of being is t-x
www.freebase.com/m/0hndfwn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what is the country of origin of deka kurokawa suzuki
www.freebase.com/m/04f5kx7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01_30_	Who was the developer behind demons winter?
www.freebase.com/m/04n2n97	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is nickys game in
www.freebase.com/m/0_71pp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/018n6m	Who is the artist from the recording oops (oh my)
www.freebase.com/m/01hp260	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	what kind of album is in between days
www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wfhhw	what is a classics book
www.freebase.com/m/01dg3yv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01_5sp	Which artist recorded the magic flute: pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-papagena?
www.freebase.com/m/026k6hk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was norman j. wildberger born?
www.freebase.com/m/01mtsf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c009l_	Who was born in havant
www.freebase.com/m/03ydhqr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of rudy minarcin?
www.freebase.com/m/0by15kh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where is (6019) 1991 ro6 located 
www.freebase.com/m/0rhcs3b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what is the film genre of the last supper
www.freebase.com/m/01lrmhd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	is primary rock music or classical music
www.freebase.com/m/01q8jrd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is kings of the cotton club?
www.freebase.com/m/0crw6t8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/032f6	What language is bedwin hacker in?
www.freebase.com/m/01s9kzd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what type of music does v√©gastar make?
www.freebase.com/m/02z0j	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03nhkm	Name a person who was born in frankfurt
www.freebase.com/m/021lby	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0r3r5jz	what is the film of that richard donner produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0hb8p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0gb8vr_	Name a track by artist gustav mahler
www.freebase.com/m/089l7y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	how did joel hirschhorn die?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6y9n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	what is the nationality of tomasz szczypi≈Ñski?
www.freebase.com/m/03cjjnf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what football position does stefan rie√ü play?
www.freebase.com/m/049pb6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is matt taylor (american soccer)'s gender
www.freebase.com/m/0whcnfn	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	is happy days: a new musical (2007 original cast) a soundtrack or compilation album 
www.freebase.com/m/02qw2zd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does dick brennan have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/05bygwg	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/016tt2	What production company worked on strange triangle
www.freebase.com/m/0dz5ctq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dz5cr9	Which release was tell me why a recording off of
www.freebase.com/m/0c3zgtd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	What type of music is grand theft auto: the soundtrack considered?
www.freebase.com/m/019fc4	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cr326_	What college is located in Coimbatore?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0y4c285	Name a studio album.
www.freebase.com/m/0fkx1w	www.freebase.com/book/journal/discipline	www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	what field is science is the american sociological review written about
www.freebase.com/m/080ntlp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/03fc7c	Which character is a diplomat?
www.freebase.com/m/08062t1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	the album wicked twisted road is what type of genre
www.freebase.com/m/04fdq2m	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the release format of 100 country greats
www.freebase.com/m/04lns	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0d9sq3	who is the child of l. l. zamenhof
www.freebase.com/m/04vghh7	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/041xl	who was the editor on the book the day of creation.
www.freebase.com/m/03qr56	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/016yzz	Who wrote the work a lie of the mind?
www.freebase.com/m/03hh2c9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does roger vonlanthen play
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pmg456	what is the title for a 1929 silent film 
www.freebase.com/m/0kyrkb4	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02cf_t	who developed the game populous
www.freebase.com/m/03qjg	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/04t4bz	Who is a famous for their harmonica skills
www.freebase.com/m/0118kn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is  lone rock located in
www.freebase.com/m/0bb8vt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what's one theme that's presented in the music of the primes
www.freebase.com/m/0277zw1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01c8c6	where is the location of lauro de freitas?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0hn8452	what is a dance music album by Nicki Minaj
www.freebase.com/m/0c7xkw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftxc	Where in illinois was timothy davlin born
www.freebase.com/m/057787	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/09kk3d	What is an example of a single-sex education school?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_my	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0783zw	Who died from the electric chair?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyr0ng	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04tz90	Who published fire fighter?
www.freebase.com/m/0c03t2d	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the man who died twice made?
www.freebase.com/m/01xbld	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/083k0v	name a person born in middlesbrough.
www.freebase.com/m/05q8l9b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is in the film wishology
www.freebase.com/m/03gq8gw	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/019sc	what are the colors of the texas tech red raiders football team?
www.freebase.com/m/0hgcqx8	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0cdz6j	which film did zora mojsilovic design the costume for
www.freebase.com/m/015dx	www.freebase.com/base/dancingwiththestars/contestant/season_on_dwts	www.freebase.com/m/047d7p5	Which season on dwts did brooke burke participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/07pjbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/028n3	abbotskerswell is in what county?
www.freebase.com/m/02w73q9	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	is academy of notre dame de namur a private or public school
www.freebase.com/m/0crskyy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0g293	what netflix genre is cuba mia: portrait of an all-woman orchestra under 
www.freebase.com/m/01zm2mh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02qc84r	what school is located in rowland heights, california
www.freebase.com/m/01yndb	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_6t9nj	What are some lyrics written by taj mahal
www.freebase.com/m/0362qp0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lspsx	What is the name of a track on the release step up to the microphone?
www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04bg5m2	This city can be found in the US state of ohio.
www.freebase.com/m/0dpkk	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/0h7qdmk	What is something to do near niagara river
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t3wpc	what is a book that focuses on london
www.freebase.com/m/0fwqt	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0ry9m	What is a town in montgomery county
www.freebase.com/m/0j63gwg	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	What baseball position did shinya tsuruoka play
www.freebase.com/m/01tny6	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/012pjh	who is an artist know for exotica music
www.freebase.com/m/0q7505d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre of music is the album ocean roar
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/030rlw	What's an example of a public school
www.freebase.com/m/02p_fgd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	who is quadtrine hill
www.freebase.com/m/018skh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190zy	the canadian electronic musical duo, delerium, has a style of music that could best be described as what? 
www.freebase.com/m/0662lc	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is francis veber's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03027x	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jh058	What did amy ray compose?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwh878	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0283nzb	Which artist recorded ballad?
www.freebase.com/m/0zrvmsp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02dw2t	where was igor kanygin born
www.freebase.com/m/02d8n6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09y7xh	Which member of the Imperial Japanese Navy's combined fleet was born in arita?
www.freebase.com/m/0rhcn7z	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is here and away filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rqj08	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b72ln	who was the writer of d-war
www.freebase.com/m/0crsjfh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/08lpkq	what netflix genre does the title jane monheit: taking a chance on love belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rzj_n	what's a western (genre) film released in the early 50's
www.freebase.com/m/0lznr3c	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0m12_	what was didier diderot's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/025stgn	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/08959	Who was involved with second seminole war
www.freebase.com/m/01756d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l__p_	what is the album of surf music genre
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0tkhy56	Who plays forward in football?
www.freebase.com/m/025tfd0	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ch55	which instrument does donald brown play
www.freebase.com/m/0h5f59	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisors	www.freebase.com/m/07gpz3	who is the advisor to  stephen l. brusatte
www.freebase.com/m/0cm327	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the steep approach to garbadale originally in?
www.freebase.com/m/07s7gk6	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01myh60	What is the name of a rap rock album
www.freebase.com/m/051j1r	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	What position does willis reed play?
www.freebase.com/m/0chb1_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	The video game generation of chaos is what genre
www.freebase.com/m/03gts9h	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	who was the developer of the game transbot?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d3nry	name a speculative fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/0c3nk_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tcj6	where was harry darby born
www.freebase.com/m/0z1vw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/097f8f	What is a tourist attraction located in canton, ohio
www.freebase.com/m/04w2y09	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What type of book is by fire, by moonlight
www.freebase.com/m/0n52d0g	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	what kind of school is delhi public school, srinagar
www.freebase.com/m/02q4q93	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01q7zlm	who is the musical composer of heaven?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03gz3wq	what is an indie film 
www.freebase.com/m/0zpwgyz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0zpz7dt	colors is a a recording that spawned what self titled track?
www.freebase.com/m/020hdr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0148xv	how did gabriel prosser die
www.freebase.com/m/04sq3c	www.freebase.com/base/fight/sports_official/sport	www.freebase.com/m/0jm_	what sport does steve deberg participate in
www.freebase.com/m/04t402j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	what is never trust a dead man about?
www.freebase.com/m/01qzf4v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03mn56	Who is the group that released dreams?
www.freebase.com/m/080s8g	www.freebase.com/book/author/series_written_or_contributed_to	www.freebase.com/m/081sp_	what series did karen traviss write
www.freebase.com/m/026cj_8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does √ìscar javier morales play in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/04wk6t1	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/supported_storage_types	www.freebase.com/m/01z76m	What is a supported storage type for kodak easyshare z1285?
www.freebase.com/m/06l0c3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where in italy was simonetta stefanelli's birth place?
www.freebase.com/m/04xzv5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was taggart filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0kv9kw	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/04ptr0	Who was the cinematographer for the film huckleberry finn (1974 film)?
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z5z7_	Which science fiction book won an award 
www.freebase.com/m/09g6m5c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is mis canciones, mis amigos?
www.freebase.com/m/03d9k2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0znwnnq	who released the album a1 in 2013
www.freebase.com/m/0crrwzh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country was james ellroy: american dog shot in
www.freebase.com/m/0cj7gl6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	what country is amadi filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0gc4qm	what's a regiment based in maine
www.freebase.com/m/0qbjdsd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hydr	what type of album is laptop symphony
www.freebase.com/m/0l3qbm_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country gives takahiro imanami his or her nationality
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0h5gww	which city is located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/0gm0zpv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What film genre is sheriff of sundown?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5jcf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is john noble barlow's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1yv4_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of that's bubblegum - that's giorgio?
www.freebase.com/m/02bz03	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where did michel adanson's life end
www.freebase.com/m/0f12n4h	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was used in the film anne truitt, working
www.freebase.com/m/0c97d9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is evey hammond best known for
www.freebase.com/m/019305	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what genre is duel in the sun
www.freebase.com/m/04w535p	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what is the ryan adams book about
www.freebase.com/m/03y4qd7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 5991 ivavladis orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dgkvg4	what's a drama film made in 1967
www.freebase.com/m/0ftxhbc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqrsld	whats a track form the release titled  the hope division
www.freebase.com/m/0clqvx0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	cold fish is in which language 
www.freebase.com/m/0gcm8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	which city did keith joseph die
www.freebase.com/m/023cv4p	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0180tn	Who is the artist that composed in hoagland
www.freebase.com/m/09pc7r	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0dgsv24	Who is a child of vairamuthu
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0468p6	Name an author in the fantasy book genre. 
www.freebase.com/m/019syg	www.freebase.com/computer/programming_language/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/03f__t	ecmascript influenced what programming language
www.freebase.com/m/03whtm8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was dr. wonders workshop originally from
www.freebase.com/m/014gf13	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lv0dp	Who recorded lost
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlmhz	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0cyhj_	what flavor is low dose chewable aspirin 81 chewable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02wddg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what occupation is nicolae cre»õulescu known for
www.freebase.com/m/0dng4z	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/02rt5qc	What series is singstar anthems a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/03q9_f	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/044h0g	What is the name of a river partially located in vas county?
www.freebase.com/m/01snm	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/05p2yqs	what newspapers are circulated in cincinnati, ohio?
www.freebase.com/m/0dbb3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dzpq9d	What is an album by billie holiday?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrx67	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what is the predominant language of casting about
www.freebase.com/m/02mr6p	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/05sz6j	What airline has its main base at hannover airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgk9yn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	what nationality is bernhard themessl 
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/052q8s	Who is someone born in london
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033zg3_	What is the name of a released from columbia records
www.freebase.com/m/05c280	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What original language was the shadow over innsmouth written in
www.freebase.com/m/05mv5v7	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/05hyf	What was the main area of activism that franz murer participated in
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0tyvg	what is located in the eastern daylight time?
www.freebase.com/m/013js4	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01p8wy	who is kettering named after
www.freebase.com/m/0dmvfdt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f8gvn4	what release did the recording  new york come from
www.freebase.com/m/0wy381n	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0c5lg	What is Michael Kilian's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/09g661r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rvwt	what genre is rasoolan bai?
www.freebase.com/m/01cyd5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What kind of school is phillips exeter academy?
www.freebase.com/m/0mjpm9x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fcx0hn	On which release can the track amsterdam be found?
www.freebase.com/m/01lkhpw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What type of music does atomic write
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpkvq	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is sunmark allergy multi symptom 325/2/5 tablet available in 
www.freebase.com/m/01x1z5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrmvd	what's the active ingredient of dexamethasone
www.freebase.com/m/047p372	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was rockula filmed
www.freebase.com/m/04lgr9r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language for the tv program fossil detectives
www.freebase.com/m/051stxh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/02cc4s	which media was used for between heaven and earth
www.freebase.com/m/04hj6r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0255pb	which category of music is tomahawkofficial under
www.freebase.com/m/0282xf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of rosemary mckenna
www.freebase.com/m/04vfzn	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0d96v62	Name a film that is about creampie
www.freebase.com/m/0hzqdj1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what film genre is scarlet days?
www.freebase.com/m/01p1vmv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	What is jon dee graham known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6htxc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01wc1wt	who was the composer of  star wars
www.freebase.com/m/01r_tbb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what type of artist was ira
www.freebase.com/m/018rg8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/constellation/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04p7j3	what is a star found in the coma berenices constellation 
www.freebase.com/m/02pntvb	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09j9h	which stem profession is boris gostev in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gwvkhh	which short films were directed by johannes ridder?
www.freebase.com/m/04d636h	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05w8m3	which artist recorded the album sem limite (disc 1)?
www.freebase.com/m/0dql80c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07k5qjb	who recorded sahara
www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0glntr4	What's a comedy-drama directed by victor trivas
www.freebase.com/m/07kcdcw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03vtfp	what label does gerald toto belong to
www.freebase.com/m/027pfb2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language was scarlett filmed
www.freebase.com/m/08_76y	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xr_wb	what is ontario highway 148?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd8vdc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n0x4cd	What is the track list of woman to woman?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j0bcb	what is a techno album 
www.freebase.com/m/02vtyb	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hgc6jc	who did the production design for akira (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0pcllvm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	what language is alexander in
www.freebase.com/m/0xnd0rg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q32bd	who sings the song can u believe
www.freebase.com/m/013ln0	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0pzfk	who was farragut named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0rt80	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gzcd	what NASA astronaut was born in macon, georgia
www.freebase.com/m/0k5dl9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hkpn	where was vladimir ilyin born
www.freebase.com/m/04wjbxk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/01b3sl	which fiction series is tigers at twilight a part of
www.freebase.com/m/06nqlr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is jagged little pill, live filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02l0p0	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/09kr66	What is the ethnicity of abe vigoda
www.freebase.com/m/03d1r5d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/027cnx	what city was josh magennis born in 
www.freebase.com/m/02vqs4	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/missions	www.freebase.com/m/02ptfl	What is a mission susan j. helms went on?
www.freebase.com/m/027hbm0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of album is dreams less sweet
www.freebase.com/m/02hlhvw	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/094x7_	which company published wiki?
www.freebase.com/m/0142b6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	what kind of game is jerec?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp72f8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0rvzf2	whats the name of the canonical version of the recording  being with you
www.freebase.com/m/04q1qxk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/021nnn	What band produce the album buck owens
www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv36n	name a 2007 American film parody 
www.freebase.com/m/04q855l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	is rhinestone cowboy (new studio recordings) a country album or pop rock
www.freebase.com/m/01gty2	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/03ch_l8	what event was a part of sri lankan civil war
www.freebase.com/m/0kyn32h	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02hk_py	What company published mickey mouse: the computer game?
www.freebase.com/m/01fm4b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02m0q4	What label is hi-tek signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0155j3	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	Which country is cebu in
www.freebase.com/m/02prhml	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is fant√¥mas se d√©cha√Æne filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/09gcg4p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was stephanie umoh born in
www.freebase.com/m/05dkqzn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01rzy2	who is the writer for a child with no name
www.freebase.com/m/03h__1b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what genre of music does theblackswans perform?
www.freebase.com/m/02rnb9f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is joey kibble from 
www.freebase.com/m/04j3yt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	what city was philippe de broca born in
www.freebase.com/m/03v2p0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m776r	Name a track by the artist low
www.freebase.com/m/0fb823	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0c1w063	what is andr√© siegfried's written works 
www.freebase.com/m/0btk8g	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	what is nick rolovich role in football
www.freebase.com/m/02rmydf	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	What conflict did cyrus hamlin participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0g21_sk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f_y5tg	what track is from paper dolls ep?
www.freebase.com/m/04dbw3	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/045czl	Name a person whose ethnicity was cuban american
www.freebase.com/m/04t1dlc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	what is pavilion of women about?
www.freebase.com/m/0yx4d	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0n2lk	What is the county that cheshire is in?
www.freebase.com/m/02xbz90	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0193qj	From which nation did Mitsumi Shizumi hail citizenship from? 
www.freebase.com/m/01h9yqp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08lpkq	what type of genre is the album a swingin affair!
www.freebase.com/m/0q74vfn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0qf11	Which artist is behind the album sweet little rock 'n' roller?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsn07h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07prdt	What musician recorded louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/0315vg	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	what is john craven's etnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0crxx7t	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Which country is the film children of the dark from
www.freebase.com/m/0wl6fd_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06ck15	who is the artist on the album works for large chorus and orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/04w81vl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	what is guantanamo about
www.freebase.com/m/064qb4m	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the spoken language in san demetrio london
www.freebase.com/m/012s9f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0151qvt	what piece was recorded by david oistrakh?
www.freebase.com/m/058b6d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What kind of rock does sportfreunde stiller write
www.freebase.com/m/049kj32	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is wo ai fushigi world in 
www.freebase.com/m/0c013zd	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which star system is 9218 ishiikazuo in
www.freebase.com/m/027_d1d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	Which city was clarence h. haring born in
www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/05b7q7	whats a game based on the platform game genre
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/0g86vs	Name a famous boxing figure
www.freebase.com/m/0bbplq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what type of game is lode runner online: the mad monks' revenge
www.freebase.com/m/0dq0xcq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is angel of the morning
www.freebase.com/m/03y7l97	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What kind of celestial object is 4413 mycerinos
www.freebase.com/m/07fr8h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is kim ki-young known for?
www.freebase.com/m/035ygg4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/010qcmg	what song is introducing the sounds of the husbands from 
www.freebase.com/m/0bbtkj2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	Where is claus bj√∏rn larsen from
www.freebase.com/m/028p0	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01gqth	who did dante alighieri influence?
www.freebase.com/m/040q9n1	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0bvpxr	who published myst
www.freebase.com/m/02vpnt6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	What genre would best describe the album "The Best of Sam Cooke" by Sam Cooke?
www.freebase.com/m/037qnz7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014p7f8	which track is in half nelson?
www.freebase.com/m/05g8wj	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03j38	where event was the great conspiracy a part of
www.freebase.com/m/030gty	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/01d1dj	what automotive class does the ferrari 612 scaglietti fall under
www.freebase.com/m/05x569s	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	where did adam schaff die?
www.freebase.com/m/01nq_x	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01kgj7	What is the higher classification of the wild cat?
www.freebase.com/m/03y317	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the tv show one tree hill
www.freebase.com/m/0fnyc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0chhz6	Who is born in Accra?
www.freebase.com/m/02hwl5l	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/088vb	what country is  simaa language spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/09rxxt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	What netflix genre is the scarlet letter?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04bjl1	whats the title of a  thriller (genre) movie
www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04zb14	Name a reggae artist.
www.freebase.com/m/02q4mt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05dckvw	what episode was buck henry the author of 
www.freebase.com/m/01pzqyf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	where is the artist the one am radio originally from
www.freebase.com/m/04sfxt	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	which city is forest glen a neighborhood of?
www.freebase.com/m/0m2qlgb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fd_j9w	Which recording is the track fever on?
www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_service_type/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/0drvzk	What is one of the bus transit lines located in London?
www.freebase.com/m/027ymc4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059z0	What country is the short film festliches nurnberg from?
www.freebase.com/m/01hm69k	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/032zhl6	what is the name is donna summer's album
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/022rn3	Who died from a myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/02py__r	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	What kind of book is the young magicians?
www.freebase.com/m/09zbxw	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02975m	who is the owner of wsoc-fm
www.freebase.com/m/03c4kjp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vvpvb	Who wrote the song freaky friday
www.freebase.com/m/0hz4k4_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what illness was suffered by james horne jr.
www.freebase.com/m/04t_7c3	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/015bvl	who wrote the secret garden (tor classics)?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv776	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05dr2v	what is the active ingredient in phenobarbital 60 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02gnj2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/03c88cm	what fictional character has len wein created
www.freebase.com/m/0263tfw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What is the genre of the video game def jam: icon
www.freebase.com/m/03csd_f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was mount redfield located in
www.freebase.com/m/0f3hhwx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album was what's happening brother 
www.freebase.com/m/0fq3s6j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	where was karen friesicke born
www.freebase.com/m/04t1hn9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What kind of book is mystery walk
www.freebase.com/m/01wx4w	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/018nnz	what movie is directed by shinichiro watanabe
www.freebase.com/m/0_t73d0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0_t1g3r	what songs are in gold musical collection?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dp72qn	what is an album title including the history of elmore james
www.freebase.com/m/0g5pz64	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09jp3	paolo cardozo was born in which large Uruguay city?
www.freebase.com/m/01y9yy	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/0271qjp	what newspaper is circulated in marlborough, wiltshire
www.freebase.com/m/01z6pq	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/012c1l	what ethnicity is julie payette?
www.freebase.com/m/090bv	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jxgg	what event was included in the 1948 arab‚Äìisraeli war
www.freebase.com/m/035hhnc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l98fjl	what is a song featured in heroes of nature
www.freebase.com/m/058md	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/06bt7vp	What's a book about mikhail gorbachev
www.freebase.com/m/09p60lq	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	Who is the publisher of the game bomberman touch 2: volcano party
www.freebase.com/m/010xrsx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03_jm6z	which release is in the recording memphis
www.freebase.com/m/01rm8b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/05b_q3l	What's an album released by simply red
www.freebase.com/m/0w14d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nhmw	which county is hassan township located in
www.freebase.com/m/027xzmf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	Where was jeremy kinsman's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/02ny06	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0j67plv	what is the make for the model lotus esprit
www.freebase.com/m/047bpcc	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position did admir smajiƒá play
www.freebase.com/m/0crt1j5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what type of movie is rafta rafta?
www.freebase.com/m/04ymln	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04gmvxq	What's an album within the mathcore genre
www.freebase.com/m/02vvlhb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/0h1qrk	What is a series that is part of blade of fire?
www.freebase.com/m/0fydw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	what country is antwerp a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/03gzws4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	in what german city did ludwig fischer die
www.freebase.com/m/09k_b	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_flavor/drugs_with_this_flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0hqjx3x	What is the name of a lemon flavored drug?
www.freebase.com/m/062r04	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0190_8	Which religion did mundelld practice
www.freebase.com/m/06539_9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wt8z	what town was yuliya vetlova born in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjdpy	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the manufactured drug duragesic 50 patch available in
www.freebase.com/m/01k5969	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is "The Peel Sessions"?
www.freebase.com/m/06jskng	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/07dql5	who wrote sleeping with the dictionary 
www.freebase.com/m/07kb762	www.freebase.com/base/morelaw/canadian_judge/court	www.freebase.com/m/05pc_s	does gerald j. rip work at the federal court
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0tkjyxk	What is a film that fits in the science fiction genre
www.freebase.com/m/0fgwfm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2v0	where was chris carmichael born
www.freebase.com/m/0694j	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03zr7c	What's a university in quebec
www.freebase.com/m/02mt51	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/03h2qqs	Who is credited as the cinematographer for eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
www.freebase.com/m/0frpxh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the scream team 
www.freebase.com/m/0b420d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what country does margit sandemo get her nationality from?
www.freebase.com/m/02s2ft	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0hm62tf	Who is a parent of chris cooper (actor)
www.freebase.com/m/0lbs8ls	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0680gd	Who directed journeys end (2)?
www.freebase.com/m/05h59gr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	which country was the movie warriors released in first
www.freebase.com/m/03hkt6p	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	is lakeland high school public or private 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6wl4q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/04_4bk	who is the lyricist of forever
www.freebase.com/m/0flyxl0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is rachmaninov (piano: yevegeny sudbin)?
www.freebase.com/m/0dd96j6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	What country is r√≠o in
www.freebase.com/m/0ch4tvj	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of artwork does victor otiev perform
www.freebase.com/m/049z7rc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nm9y	where is goodrich located 
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027lxs	who was born in chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/028b72x	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04qw17	what movie did dick pope serve as the cinematographer for
www.freebase.com/m/01p99r	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/01r9nk	What airport is a hub for ansett australia
www.freebase.com/m/09tl71	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what color is st patrick's college, launceston
www.freebase.com/m/01lm0st	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/045rl6	What is one of ihre gro√üen erfolge's albums?
www.freebase.com/m/013_77	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/07nf6	where does leine originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/05f5n6v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	What genre is the album bridge considered
www.freebase.com/m/01ld5qy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of genre is deliverance
www.freebase.com/m/016_hrb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	WHat is barcelona a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/05kr_	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02y_t0w	Name an island in ontario
www.freebase.com/m/0g2qj_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is yisrael ariel
www.freebase.com/m/0d5lm5	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0b3h9w	which software does jira use
www.freebase.com/m/0bwkp9b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what type of show is georgia's got talent!
www.freebase.com/m/0djtb35	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01k4r_	which city was sadako sawamura born
www.freebase.com/m/03npsl5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used in the television program super friends
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hhtyyr	What orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/048g7b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0c5lg	What is vincent m. brennan's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4654	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what type of book is problem of the perfect alibi
www.freebase.com/m/0v1d81_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is jeremy shatzel's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04p4vch	www.freebase.com/base/saturdaynightlive/snl_episode/musical_guest	www.freebase.com/m/01vs4ff	Who was a musical guest on the snl episode snl - 13.7?
www.freebase.com/m/0dryh9k	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/08d6bd	who's a film actor who is also of the indian people
www.freebase.com/m/0nllslr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mzvc	Which artist recorded interlude 3?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnt__9	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fbxkc3	what is a release of star called
www.freebase.com/m/0n5_1zg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/012m_	what historical nationality does s√°ndor sz√µke belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/05cc0_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of movie is the narrow margin?
www.freebase.com/m/0dt2bq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what does  sebastjan cimirotiƒç play in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/080r3	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/027475k	Name a written work of author virginia woolf.
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0y4jw7m	What is the name of a film that is apart of the thriller (genre)?
www.freebase.com/m/01mff8l	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/03x_rzh	what songs did willie dixon compose?
www.freebase.com/m/0flxsj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is sphinx and the cursed mummy
www.freebase.com/m/02ps0m5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dhd5	where was shamil khan given birth
www.freebase.com/m/04hvp49	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	who developed jr. pac-man
www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/03y1bhz	what did the siding spring observatory discover?
www.freebase.com/m/056hnj6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	what country is church of the transfiguration within
www.freebase.com/m/0346v2_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what region is twice upon a time: the singles from 
www.freebase.com/m/0rswtp4	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01h9h5r	what is the soundtrack of star wars
www.freebase.com/m/045s0b	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of book is city of golden shadow affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/09v3yh6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country was hanamaru kindergarten released in
www.freebase.com/m/033tr2b	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	What label was howlin‚Äô wind released on?
www.freebase.com/m/04lgk9	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what denomination does farooq abdullah practice
www.freebase.com/m/014zjtv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qljqc	which music artist released the recording freestyle
www.freebase.com/m/0f1yt5	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/059jc1	where was invasion of the body snatchers filmed
www.freebase.com/m/07dbj4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02hgz	where was sam morrow born
www.freebase.com/m/03crx6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is fernando lopez's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05dhtfh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/03mstc	who directed the episode the happy household?
www.freebase.com/m/07khprr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	What is the genre of the album opti buk?
www.freebase.com/m/0z3yxw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04k15	who is the artist for the recording symphony no. 7 in a major, op. 92: ii. allegretto
www.freebase.com/m/0gy0lfw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the art form of daniel eltinger
www.freebase.com/m/0dtsjy7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is \\"live\\" trenton 2002?
www.freebase.com/m/0dztmmf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_673pk	What is a song from the recording titled daybreak
www.freebase.com/m/026s3c7	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/03ph1	Which language do ghanaians in the united kingdom speak?
www.freebase.com/m/081pvy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	what is a million little pieces
www.freebase.com/m/0k26z9t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of sun?
www.freebase.com/m/03c7ldy	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what art media is james arthur oconnor known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0dw5l6c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0dqf480	What is the canonical version of the recording chloe?
www.freebase.com/m/0fmywq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country created the film sri ramadasu
www.freebase.com/m/03l3f7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0l13q	What kind of film is kronos
www.freebase.com/m/0356vn0	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released clubbed out, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/03_mdw	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/anime_manga_franchise/manga_title	www.freebase.com/m/03_mdw	which manga is part of death note
www.freebase.com/m/0fl01lb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was copenhagen released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05p1n_8	Who is an artist famous for painting?
www.freebase.com/m/050pl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01lgcw	Where did mehmed iii pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/02_z3j	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	Which instrument does andrea corr play?
www.freebase.com/m/035bcl	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/098gf7s	which art director provided the set decoration for the film meet joe black?
www.freebase.com/m/067msv	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0h5x68j	what is the make of the car mazda cx-7
www.freebase.com/m/0vlf	www.freebase.com/computer/software_developer/software	www.freebase.com/m/01djrb	whats the name of the software that adobe systems developed
www.freebase.com/m/0t01l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nr_q	what county is lone tree, iowa located in
www.freebase.com/m/0hh2s	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027nq4h	Name a 90's breakbeat album
www.freebase.com/m/01l1m2d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	what types of music is stay on my side tonight
www.freebase.com/m/01zd2g9	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country uses the postal code 94541
www.freebase.com/m/0ff64g8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lq793	which track was released in set it off
www.freebase.com/m/06c096	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is guy c√¥t√© from
www.freebase.com/m/018_q8	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03qh03g	what type of company is viacom?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmn0x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What is the genre of film that the lives of others falls within?
www.freebase.com/m/03xm3m	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0284p0m	what companies are in the petroleum industry
www.freebase.com/m/01jrf3r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/023cv6b	What is a popular track by annie ross
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgnk6	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country fabricates zydone 7.5/400 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/044xhk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/097rmw	what label is katatonia signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0w43mcj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of release was grrr! (deluxe edition)
www.freebase.com/m/048ggs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is chris akins's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4nqtm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was the griper filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0jx8zrh	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country produced tenoretic 100/25 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0lxvrwz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fh7ny	which song is part of history
www.freebase.com/m/0586yw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01r3s5	which city was kolinda grabar-kitaroviƒá born
www.freebase.com/m/02hxp3q	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	what language family does the nda‚Äônda‚Äô language belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0nsqp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cwbr8	What the name of an unincorporated community in warrick county, indiana?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjytk	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone doe cicognolo's location place it in
www.freebase.com/m/0_63rdb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/019389	Who is the lyricist from the composition heres to the atom bomb
www.freebase.com/m/065_k7_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/072yh	what is the occupation of opie winston?
www.freebase.com/m/0g21x2k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fvl_h3	what is a track from meet me on the battlefield
www.freebase.com/m/068b_1	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	what companies have been founded by david rosen?
www.freebase.com/m/070b4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0r5kzy	what is a song by sonic youth?
www.freebase.com/m/01l11mw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0swd5	what was the musician on the album emociones
www.freebase.com/m/03hjkpj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of video game is deathspank
www.freebase.com/m/0k3myvz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is raj singh arora?
www.freebase.com/m/02rxprg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of bob richardson?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcx5p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06f32	where was winston chao born
www.freebase.com/m/0vn3r8z	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	Is jars an ep or a single
www.freebase.com/m/02rnfjj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	where was irmantas zelmikas born?
www.freebase.com/m/04wc_fw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03hzt	what topics are discussed in the forgotten holocaust?
www.freebase.com/m/08gzyn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What was the genre of the film kids in america
www.freebase.com/m/049r58s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is sweet lovers: myselfÔºõyourself best song album?
www.freebase.com/m/02j3w	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0k5_6l	Who is someone born in des moines
www.freebase.com/m/0yv_2rx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is francesco pasinetti's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/09vx5v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does tony newman sing
www.freebase.com/m/0kdx501	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	where was iv√°n vilchis ibarra born?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq23dw	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04crk6x	what is a gay & lesbian comedies found on netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/0clqzlj	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0brfjd	which film did christopher eberts produce
www.freebase.com/m/0nv24	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pqxyt	What is a small town located in piatt county, illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/036jv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01vw_dv	Name an artist associated with gangsta rap.
www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzc9wc	what is the administrative type of south korea
www.freebase.com/m/010v09	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	what time zone is tulalip bay
www.freebase.com/m/0vg8	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/015msr	What's a business that's an airline
www.freebase.com/m/0c7l59	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the cleopatras in?
www.freebase.com/m/09rwxx0	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/014bps	who is delphinium: a childhood portrait of derek jarman about 
www.freebase.com/m/03f0vvr	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfsm7	which radio station does joe cocker sing on
www.freebase.com/m/0g66fk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is frank hafner's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04fv0k	www.freebase.com/travel/hotel_brand/hotels_in_this_brand	www.freebase.com/m/0myy5nb	what hotel is part of marriott international?
www.freebase.com/m/03h511h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is shawnta rogers from
www.freebase.com/m/0ytns63	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017j_z	luke viberts nuggets 3 is an album by which artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0381g36	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0llj62h	What's a track from unfaithful
www.freebase.com/m/037r1h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01ly8d	where is rivadavia department, buenos aires
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01khc4g	what is a compilation album released by Al Di Meola?
www.freebase.com/m/0n1vnjc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	What country is zsuzsa m√°nyai from?
www.freebase.com/m/053xf9	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/043rhb5	who was the editor for serving sara?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g5lfqr	Name a male actor
www.freebase.com/m/0g3zrd	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where was the film public enemies (2009 film) shot?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03c75d6	What is the name of an ambient music album
www.freebase.com/m/01kt3yb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is works i a compilation album or live recording
www.freebase.com/m/0gx2zyl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is anne andreu known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0lvtbc0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03b9_yk	What album is drowning from?
www.freebase.com/m/07s480s	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/086pg3	which company published david cranes amazing tennis
www.freebase.com/m/04dz_n_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country is beautiful memories filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0yd8l9j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ycmtrz	what is the song of blues
www.freebase.com/m/05ww5s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03_35w	Where was fawzi al-mulki born
www.freebase.com/m/04wdx4j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06d4_	What is the subject of the book race, class, and power
www.freebase.com/m/068k29w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what's one of the subjects in the book trade unions in politics
www.freebase.com/m/0pl4xht	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the film the end from
www.freebase.com/m/0cs6cw2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What kind of film is count basie at carnegie hall?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjbj4r	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/090fjm	What is a film where lukas ettlin was the cinematographer?
www.freebase.com/m/0j9q20d	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	in another country is a film that takes place where?
www.freebase.com/m/04zzkxz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is cidimar's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0658_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01zw6w	where was jean marc mormeck born
www.freebase.com/m/0415sjl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/uses_game_engine	www.freebase.com/m/03ht1z	What game engine does siren: blood curse use
www.freebase.com/m/01jw17	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	what label is  illinois jacquet apart of 
www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kzbh4	what is the name of a instrumental rock album
www.freebase.com/m/06yxtq	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/03x_dvn	What type of medical field is associated with onychomycosis
www.freebase.com/m/04798z9	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	in which conflict did william vale participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0frthgn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vt45j	WHich artist made knoxville
www.freebase.com/m/04gjkc	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/01qbg5	what film was written by jay mcinerney
www.freebase.com/m/0b66v1s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where might you find the netflix title be good
www.freebase.com/m/09v628z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats  ram loevy gender
www.freebase.com/m/018v0j7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pg1nb	who is the artist behind the recording titled  colorado
www.freebase.com/m/0v__8f_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	is wayne eric an actor or musician?
www.freebase.com/m/013k6p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05hbdy	which american country and pop singer was born in mannford
www.freebase.com/m/05p82sq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what type of music is phantom blues?
www.freebase.com/m/0ck0zs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is gustaf molander affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/09fbyl	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what book genre is the mansion?
www.freebase.com/m/01rvbf3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0yy7z	Where is josh woodward from?
www.freebase.com/m/01sp6x	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09_sbh	what is a city in arabah 
www.freebase.com/m/04my4kq	www.freebase.com/government/government_office_or_title/jurisdiction	www.freebase.com/m/06mz5	Where does the jurisdiction of secretary of state of south dakota reach
www.freebase.com/m/0267471	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what is tony sealys position in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/01p7c_	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/04c_jqk	what is vaginismus the parent disease to
www.freebase.com/m/04jt2	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/04_1gn	what are tourist destinations in lincoln
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t1xtn	what is a children's literature fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/04mx6jw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did frank cellier die
www.freebase.com/m/07r046	www.freebase.com/computer/software_genre/software_in_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0n52kqh	what is a software that uses location awareness
www.freebase.com/m/0p6vc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/06sy0r	Who created the joker
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0t1g4	what is a location contained within the united states
www.freebase.com/m/01jdt2r	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of barrett
www.freebase.com/m/01mj6px	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nm8y4j	what track was done by the artist spanky & our gang
www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0xjth3y	what album has metalcore music?
www.freebase.com/m/027j741	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	What is kazys brad≈´nas's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/04t_0fn	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0ddcb	who is the author of babbitt 
www.freebase.com/m/05yjdxq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is tom burke a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/050l10	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0cm8zc	Who wrote straight time?
www.freebase.com/m/07krzg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is road wars
www.freebase.com/m/0cm64xk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	which city was zsolt bogn√°r born 
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqtp	Which is the name of a drug available in tablet form?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5snc9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what television drama is the program  7 days in life
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h6fd78	Who is a notable person that was born in england
www.freebase.com/m/02t4nx	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	What is macanese language an example of
www.freebase.com/m/0crx41d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what sort of movie is 11 minutes ago
www.freebase.com/m/02qpkvg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02frhbc	What is Christopher Coe's birthplace?
www.freebase.com/m/04kt3z7	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/03gymyk	which dogs have a fearless temperament
www.freebase.com/m/01kw27f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What style of music is essere o sembrare?
www.freebase.com/m/02t9yt	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0jt85pd	which ethnicity is demis roussos
www.freebase.com/m/06_m_wy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	William Gibbs Mcadoo House is located in which U.S. state?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6lw6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0206v5	where was the birthplace of malcolm crosby
www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/07chhbj	What is the title of a reality television program?
www.freebase.com/m/01mrvg	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0h28bmh	who is a parent of kim novak
www.freebase.com/m/01mdbch	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ch55	What instrument does paul bley play
www.freebase.com/m/0fwxdf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of matthew breeze?
www.freebase.com/m/0dpqr6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ms6_	where did collin mckinney die
www.freebase.com/m/0jmz_9m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what is the genre associated with the film home turf
www.freebase.com/m/02fv_v	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which is the gender of espio the chameleon
www.freebase.com/m/02rlr_1	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	which continent is koshtan-tau within?
www.freebase.com/m/09pksw	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01y64	what type of school is  franz liszt academy of music, budapest
www.freebase.com/m/0ndvtfn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of pau teixidor
www.freebase.com/m/0lznt1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012vfn	who recorded the song if 6 was 9
www.freebase.com/m/04w9q78	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0b29hq	who is the writer of the work africa counts
www.freebase.com/m/0hzs0ws	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what is the genre of the film grandmas pet?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04gk0fr	what is the hard rock album name by McAuley Schneker Group
www.freebase.com/m/0ml2hsf	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fgjcw1	What was free released on?
www.freebase.com/m/025hkl	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/04mv7tp	oral cancer is associated with what type of behavior?
www.freebase.com/m/0zb13mt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is leif leifland
www.freebase.com/m/0846v	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pllf0	Name a peak in wyoming
www.freebase.com/m/02r8l5m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hf7l	where did erich juskowiak die?
www.freebase.com/m/01k22jm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of mobilize
www.freebase.com/m/03f70xs	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0416n2q	Name a work written by william blake
www.freebase.com/m/035pjq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	What is the subject of the written work titled women in love
www.freebase.com/m/04t15p5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	Which genre of book is crm project management?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8wg2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What style of book is butcher bird?
www.freebase.com/m/09vrxqh	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dh1n_	who directed darling, how could you!
www.freebase.com/m/0b2f2j4	www.freebase.com/business/company_product_relationship/company	www.freebase.com/m/045c7b	which company has google buzz
www.freebase.com/m/01jv29	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/025rqr9	where did valley forge happen
www.freebase.com/m/0fr3_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cc73dd	Name a person born in indian territory?
www.freebase.com/m/05dyyk	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/059835b	What is the occupation of the fictional character modok?
www.freebase.com/m/03lw8f	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/06ptx	what body of water does the richmond‚Äìsan rafael bridge span
www.freebase.com/m/02xwt7	www.freebase.com/user/robert/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/044pk6	which conflict was aleksandr vasilevsky involved in
www.freebase.com/m/0r3s8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l2q3	Which county is murrieta hot springs located in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtk8g	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03024x	what is the active ingredient in natrabio the arnica rub
www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0b77fwt	What planet was discovered at the siding spring observatory?
www.freebase.com/m/09ygqz	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06t0dm	what is the film that ken hughes write?
www.freebase.com/m/04v1sll	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03jht	who is the author of demian
www.freebase.com/m/0zcd3x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j68xq	In which album is neptune featured on
www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gspp	which female scientist was born in paris
www.freebase.com/m/0zslk1f	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the goa mix released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05p6zz7	is scooby doo or antologia an album
www.freebase.com/m/06w73ns	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0t7q3	where is the art institutes international - kansas city located
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_ny6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what is the classification of cannibal suburbia
www.freebase.com/m/01m8fzm	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wxdcn	who recorded the album french soul
www.freebase.com/m/05nspz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is motoko kusanagi's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0glqzgz	Name a soul music album. 
www.freebase.com/m/0h95rp5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	which orbit has relationship with (18528) 1996 vx30
www.freebase.com/m/01jkqfz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nn3t_4	which tracks were produced by asleep at the wheel?
www.freebase.com/m/050z2	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02rzsy2	what composition did mike oldfield compose
www.freebase.com/m/0b58cv	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/05c12pd	what are the names of nearby airports in wau?
www.freebase.com/m/03nwwkl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06m_5	where was malaka dewapriya born
www.freebase.com/m/04hdx9	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/03wc7mm	What is a tourist attraction in ayia napa?
www.freebase.com/m/02rjv2w	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02301	what's a filming location used in love story (1970 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0_yvnzc	name a professional screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/04w9rz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is herman daly's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03jhpgp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0674bs	which artist released the album
www.freebase.com/m/0xh3v7v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gps0z	Which artist recorded hollywood?
www.freebase.com/m/099p5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what is the cause of death of linus pauling?
www.freebase.com/m/0dstcvg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0119lq2	what is the canonical version of the song i will always love you?
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0kn7cv4	which artist creates electronic music
www.freebase.com/m/0fzsltz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/010hbs_	what is the release track on the essential guide to india 
www.freebase.com/m/01ckzh6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wv9xn	What artist recorded sheep
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06qbx0f	Name a baseball pitcher
www.freebase.com/m/0266n96	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/03lht	Who is the family of archduchess maria theresa of austria?
www.freebase.com/m/01w2q8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0l4vc	charles demuth died where?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h_hmn	what is a 1990s album
www.freebase.com/m/01jvdzk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	what style of music is ancient god of evil in?
www.freebase.com/m/0v__spl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0ngz075	what song was performed on the closer recording
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7_v6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was splitting hares shot in
www.freebase.com/m/0325gdd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kzzlwk	what is a hit from the album time capsule: songs for a future generation
www.freebase.com/m/01q7zlm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vn241	what is a track performed by jani lane
www.freebase.com/m/03vtkb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is hso khan pha
www.freebase.com/m/0hnb5y9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does john doolan play 
www.freebase.com/m/03mk_gl	www.freebase.com/user/kurt/default_domain/thoughtranker/revered_by	www.freebase.com/m/03hq7l	who was todd proebsting revered by?
www.freebase.com/m/06yy9g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0zygc	in what eastern county was rudy pompilli born
www.freebase.com/m/04t51cp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07714	What's the topic of fear of falling
www.freebase.com/m/0553tg	www.freebase.com/food/dish/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/048vr	what kind of cuisine is samgyeopsal
www.freebase.com/m/052psgk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the making of bobby burnit filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0495vk4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p40x	what is a parish included in the jordan hill
www.freebase.com/m/015cf8	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/04g8j6	who is a character from the book oliver twist?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w6lgk	what is the name of a fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cv41t	which river is in pakistan 
www.freebase.com/m/026xt0k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what is the film yamudiki mogudu genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02r8hh_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what genre is persepolis classified as
www.freebase.com/m/02r0r7	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/02r0m3	what is a branch of bbc local radio
www.freebase.com/m/04yh78z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	What is the nationality of zygmunt kubiak?
www.freebase.com/m/0kxhh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what kind of video game is the dig 
www.freebase.com/m/02w4tb_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is virendra bhatia known for
www.freebase.com/m/0bb_0tq	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01n2dpx	Who was a child of evelyn ward
www.freebase.com/m/014ly7m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cj2w	whats the name of the artist who sang tvpm
www.freebase.com/m/01bdlr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	what genre of music is the sensational alex harvey band known for
www.freebase.com/m/0sjt1__	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ssl4_d	what is a track from barry bonds
www.freebase.com/m/0gc4fkn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	whats xavier g√©lin profession
www.freebase.com/m/0lw5h0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01fl3	Who was the producer for shortenin' bread
www.freebase.com/m/09880l	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/027m7c	Who was involved in the tel al-zaatar massacre
www.freebase.com/m/04lh_8s	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	is shooting star a crime fiction or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0jx2vz	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06_wqk4	Which romantic comedy film did charles minsky directed?
www.freebase.com/m/06l5pd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was once upon a time: the singles
www.freebase.com/m/0h5234h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0sgtz	where did hank schmulbach spend his final days
www.freebase.com/m/03qjqtn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music is on in a different light?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/base/animemanga/anime_manga_genre/anime_manga_franchises	www.freebase.com/m/01j2jk	Name a manga series in the fantasy genre.
www.freebase.com/m/0hypmng	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0kvqv	who wrote the film voyage of time?
www.freebase.com/m/0_445	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	What time zone is kingston in?
www.freebase.com/m/04_285	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d4qj	What subject matter does game over: kasparov and the machine cover
www.freebase.com/m/0yqhm6v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is  alice szellay
www.freebase.com/m/065xjk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/supporting_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0wdwftf	who played with chuck rainey 
www.freebase.com/m/015msr	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/accidents	www.freebase.com/m/03wrm7	what scandinavian airlines flight was involved in an accident
www.freebase.com/m/035xq0g	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lbnzsq	What's a track from dawn escapes
www.freebase.com/m/06w67t_	www.freebase.com/book/journal/discipline	www.freebase.com/m/01g1t9	what is a journal about human biology 
www.freebase.com/m/02vwg_w	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	where did hans ritter von lex die
www.freebase.com/m/05fjy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0xvhc	What is the name of a place located in new mexico
www.freebase.com/m/0dy7xw	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/02v49q	which capital is located in the iran standard time
www.freebase.com/m/08t_8g	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01hpf6	which company made vanguard?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026bwsm	who is a person born in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/048kw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02phlzy	Which famous television producer was born in kent?
www.freebase.com/m/0h54f0w	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What kind of music is the album perseo miranda and his theatre?
www.freebase.com/m/0sx49x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vkkn	What artist recorded cruisin'
www.freebase.com/m/0lz99	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/031qc4	who are the children of sargon of akkad
www.freebase.com/m/0gj9qyg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	which label is mary byrne signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0dqvq3f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m9k7f2	which tracks are found in the album mezcal head?
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026gchw	who was a pitcher for the chicago white sox?
www.freebase.com/m/042b_xx	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	What licence is needed for main street
www.freebase.com/m/04wj42n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	what is the subject of legends lake 
www.freebase.com/m/0g7x3k	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0c066fr	which films was kathryn lasky credited on
www.freebase.com/m/0b7rl1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	which eastern european country is letenye in
www.freebase.com/m/04t4qtq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of fiction is my work is not yet done
www.freebase.com/m/01p0b55	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	is i don't want to go to bed post-rock or hip-hop
www.freebase.com/m/025x030	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What kind of video game is missionforce: cyberstorm?
www.freebase.com/m/03y8951	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0285m87	who was involved in the first cevallos expedition
www.freebase.com/m/0g0t7ly	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What medium was under earth released on
www.freebase.com/m/04gcpt_	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0bwdn	who is sam alexis woods's father?
www.freebase.com/m/01gjrs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02scvxs	gannet  can be classified as what
www.freebase.com/m/0dwgrd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	where in italy is golasecca located?
www.freebase.com/m/04nlc15	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	what language was spoken in the film  mandatory service
www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05bqfvv	What's a work about psychology
www.freebase.com/m/03gw_3j	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09z1gl	which musician created buona domenica
www.freebase.com/m/03yngkq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02k1b	what is the nationality of joffre guerr√≥n?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/03c9hdp	Which radio station plays rock music?
www.freebase.com/m/037t6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrvrv	What is gnome
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06vx4p	what is the name of the German Eurodance duo performing ambient music 
www.freebase.com/m/03gqy1r	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does soccer player agust√≠n castillo play
www.freebase.com/m/0kd_6zg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What film genre is osuto classified as
www.freebase.com/m/080wh4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/054y8	Where was paul sch√§fer born
www.freebase.com/m/0q14lh	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0vb59t	what is a version of the song pablo picasso?
www.freebase.com/m/03rkvqr	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/0l7xg	What appears in differentialgetriebe2?
www.freebase.com/m/086h4t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02wszfz	What is daniel pesina's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0283z61	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/06b_f7	what political party believes economic liberalism
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01mdcw	 Name a village in Monroe County, New York named after statesman Daniel Webster
www.freebase.com/m/07mj3g	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22j9	what types of movie is undiscovered in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02hldnn	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	Who published dead man's hand
www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06frp4	who was born in prague?
www.freebase.com/m/0k8vs	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0485dbk	what's a town in cullman county
www.freebase.com/m/0dp5w89	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	in which country was the greatest hits album released
www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jydl3	What is the name of a thrash metal album?
www.freebase.com/m/0tf1dt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_j_p7y	which song is part of believe
www.freebase.com/m/0dptmf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone does narol, poland belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0x10gj4	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/016fgv	who is the producing company of les mis√©rables
www.freebase.com/m/0678gl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is wally wingert's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0_k3361	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02wm0n	who wrote the song graveyard shift
www.freebase.com/m/01jcn1z	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the seventh one released in
www.freebase.com/m/02s9k_	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/016tt2	what organization produced 9 to 5
www.freebase.com/m/09v947	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which netflix genre can empire of the wolves be found under
www.freebase.com/m/026zmgy	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hv44_	What profession does john jesurun hold?
www.freebase.com/m/0j1z8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03d978y	what building is located in  united arab emirates
www.freebase.com/m/02z5y6_	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01vqrm	who is the director of adoration?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpjlg6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What genre of film is weather diary #3?
www.freebase.com/m/061y5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where was pope siricius born
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04f48nt	what is a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/06vjcq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	what is the fire next time
www.freebase.com/m/028y7lt	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	What kind of binding is on the historian?
www.freebase.com/m/015jr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05b6x5z	what village is in british columbia?
www.freebase.com/m/043ng7_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what is an instrument played by vic vogel
www.freebase.com/m/01wz3cx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01ktkt7	which album was created by joan baez
www.freebase.com/m/01qyhhd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	What is the origin of the artist spazzys
www.freebase.com/m/05204x	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/type_of_place_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/04_xn	what kind of place of worship is the et'hem bey mosque
www.freebase.com/m/0mvblvb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fwg1zt	what album is the song brasilia on
www.freebase.com/m/047ll4k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	what type of genre is  all creatures great and small
www.freebase.com/m/0hr8hj0	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09ygqz	Who directed the film Little Red Monkey?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcshk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	What was the subject of the book letters to dean
www.freebase.com/m/0kmbmn3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/030fnym	free is the release track from which album
www.freebase.com/m/03fsn6j	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was nordborg released in
www.freebase.com/m/0978bf	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what type of book is vendetta for the saint
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04cxrk4	what is a suspense film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/04w773s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is the subject of death at wentwater court
www.freebase.com/m/01v4lt	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge_type/bridges_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/04j9rpq	what is an example of an arch bridge?
www.freebase.com/m/05pljw	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0b4qzl	What building did john macarthur design?
www.freebase.com/m/03yl1bw	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	Which star does 7550 woolum orbit
www.freebase.com/m/01bs20_	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0ftlgxg	(back home again in) indiana is the single version of what song?
www.freebase.com/m/05rnp1	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/03crd38	What fictional character did charles band create
www.freebase.com/m/02hxp5w	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	What is the zaniza zapotec language
www.freebase.com/m/0dnm3v	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01ddb4	What martial art form is roger gracie known for?
www.freebase.com/m/026s1fq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03xqq2	what artist made the album 3.6.3
www.freebase.com/m/03qqx6x	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	What form of art is the she-goat in
www.freebase.com/m/0729xx	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02gnj2	who created the fictional character anton arcane
www.freebase.com/m/0h0yt	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gxm1f7	what is a movie written by stephen fry
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bs6vrg	who is the defender for the Thai premier league
www.freebase.com/m/0tckhc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nc3sx	What artist recorded Amergin's Invocation?
www.freebase.com/m/02bjg0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the abominable dr. phibes in?
www.freebase.com/m/01lm1kx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is shaun groves's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0gs95r	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01_9c1	what defensive position does tra boger play
www.freebase.com/m/0130sy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/027jvbp	What was jon anderson forth album with Yes
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03yl4jv	what is the name of an asteroid that orbit the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0_pn4gn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did king kennedy die?
www.freebase.com/m/026x6x5	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/01hprk	who edited rudraksh
www.freebase.com/m/0_wnb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/062nj4	Who is a notable person that was born in smyrna
www.freebase.com/m/04t4mwz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What is the subject of the book trial by fire
www.freebase.com/m/0fr44vy	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was back on top
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fbl26k	What is the name of a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/06799s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the biological gender of jean absil?
www.freebase.com/m/08y76c0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	which genre of love to kill associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0g7wx5m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g5z4pl	what track is from the red piano
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0506lf	Which administrative division is located in united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0q8f45g	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was swinging the blues?
www.freebase.com/m/03f_9qq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bqnr7	who is the band of spasm smash xxxoxox ox and ass
www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cjcch	Who is someone from paris
www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/05m45r	Who died from heart failure?
www.freebase.com/m/0152k6j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/013wwd	What artist recorded deep purple?
www.freebase.com/m/06c62	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0n28nd0	who was born in rome?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftkt2x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05h5xy	which artist recorded there is a flower
www.freebase.com/m/0gjccn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is the location onore found
www.freebase.com/m/05mykdn	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	which instrument does du≈°an kojiƒá play
www.freebase.com/m/05t8dq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form is hava nagila composed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03xm3m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t06ny	What is a book that talks about the petroleum industry
www.freebase.com/m/0j5c009	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is michael boehnke's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/06yrs37	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/03qmfyj	who directed the tv series episode golf
www.freebase.com/m/0q20g76	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	what country was invasion filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0gtwb51	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is harri heli√∂vaara's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0bf5h47	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0kxbc	who composed boulevard of broken dreams
www.freebase.com/m/043rr39	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/068p2	where is ed earl repp from?
www.freebase.com/m/08xf1x	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed_group/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/02rjc05	what is a dog in the non-sporting group category 
www.freebase.com/m/0dxpvd8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is the abbey road decade 1963-1973
www.freebase.com/m/0dh8v4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01r2l	Which language is case closed: the phantom of baker street in?
www.freebase.com/m/0vn15sd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	Where was gabrielle whittaker's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	www.freebase.com/law/court_jurisdiction_area/courts	www.freebase.com/m/0ctwxx	what is the name of the judicial court in victoria (australia)?
www.freebase.com/m/01jjp33	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xv2x	What genre is the album children of god
www.freebase.com/m/043nh01	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	who is karel weis
www.freebase.com/m/02fkm	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/099mdj	who is dylan thomas's child 
www.freebase.com/m/01jhr0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What is the nationality of baltzar von platen?
www.freebase.com/m/04tt11g	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/075nvkf	who was the publisher for punish the sinners
www.freebase.com/m/026whd1	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05vvqy	What genre of software is teamcity
www.freebase.com/m/0cxwxn	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/06jtx	which royal family is princess anastasia of montenegro a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0dtvc5w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m16ly	Which artist recorded mercy
www.freebase.com/m/01ch55	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pk6cv	Name a location in babil governorate
www.freebase.com/m/06g1fp	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	what is the occupation of hans kr√°sa
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06nkgb	Who is a famous folk music artst?
www.freebase.com/m/012h24	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/043rh8g	What are works of comics?
www.freebase.com/m/0kzj9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	What is the subject of silent spring
www.freebase.com/m/04twz6	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/characters	www.freebase.com/m/06rkl	who is a character in the adventure of the veiled lodger
www.freebase.com/m/05b2zhj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is a place between ‚Äì the story of an adoption originally from
www.freebase.com/m/03xy8v	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/027rn	Where is peravia province?
www.freebase.com/m/0415gbt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n5fz	which county is harborside financial center located in 
www.freebase.com/m/08sdj7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was the humanoid touch originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/087sd4	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/05nk0h	who is one of james wilfred estey's children
www.freebase.com/m/0dcyhd	www.freebase.com/religion/religious_text/religious_text_of	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	WHat religion is bhagavad gita important for
www.freebase.com/m/01z0k	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gzlx25	What did movie did chris marker shoot for
www.freebase.com/m/071sr9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	What kind of music is mizutamari ni utsuru sekai
www.freebase.com/m/0drxbdq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which format was larva pupa tank coffin released in
www.freebase.com/m/04653py	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/02tvjq	what structures did thomas verity design
www.freebase.com/m/02x7hx_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	what type of heart deficiency did arthur forwood die from
www.freebase.com/m/03y5y_8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 4177 kohman orbit
www.freebase.com/m/07h1q	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02kdt7j	what does theodor w. adorno do as a profession 
www.freebase.com/m/04wj05f	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of book is  murder at the foul line
www.freebase.com/m/026t6	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/02mwtr	Who is an instrumentalist that plays the drum?
www.freebase.com/m/06bw7j	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/02975m	Who owns the radio station wlif?
www.freebase.com/m/024q6sb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mhd0x	Who recorded thailand?
www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/047rmxd	What's a city in victoria (australia)
www.freebase.com/m/0czc9tb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0fv4v	where is brice assie's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03dft3	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/era/philosophers	www.freebase.com/m/07vw5	what philosopher is associated with 20th-century philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02q3qzn	whats an example of an  album
www.freebase.com/m/0n4rd7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy3q	who is the recorded manic depression 
www.freebase.com/m/0xc3ch	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g7w5s9	What album is in time featured 
www.freebase.com/m/04t0m8_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What is the genre of the book anarquia?
www.freebase.com/m/09grt5	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/09grs4	joe firmage founded what organization?
www.freebase.com/m/0kymln7	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/01kwm7	what platform is pipe dream on 
www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wccnv	what are books about technology?
www.freebase.com/m/0zt6n6t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/028c3w1	what general subject is performance truck & automotive repair a topic of
www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b6lb3	whats a town in north carolina
www.freebase.com/m/0b4l67	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where did dimitri nicolau die
www.freebase.com/m/089g6	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activism_issue/activists	www.freebase.com/m/027hp4s	who is a famous zionism activist 
www.freebase.com/m/0ddd7dt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is attack of the 50 ft. woman from?
www.freebase.com/m/050ls	www.freebase.com/business/product_line/products	www.freebase.com/m/0bnmhnx	what is a specific product in the machine translation product line
www.freebase.com/m/0gw_29x	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is robert leuci famous for being
www.freebase.com/m/0884k_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is theodore schwan from
www.freebase.com/m/0h0lt0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g4p_j	which american author was born in champ√©ry?
www.freebase.com/m/07156w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	What kind of music does adytum play?
www.freebase.com/m/0_k131z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02wm0n	who composed uprising down under
www.freebase.com/m/0f333ph	www.freebase.com/base/services/local_business/payment_accepted	www.freebase.com/m/02h5d	Name a form of payment that perrys art supplies accepts?
www.freebase.com/m/0k2x20	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what is raj n. sippy's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01pvj8	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/040rs0c	What's the name of a ti-99 game
www.freebase.com/m/02sdgl	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gl0dhk	What film did cky (band) contribute to?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6vwcq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m5kzpq	what track is on jerusalem?
www.freebase.com/m/06xpxzf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/015ppk	what television show is the episode off the wall from?
www.freebase.com/m/0klt88t	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what language was used in the song spy
www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_service_type/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/05bf9kt	what is the transit lines of a bus?
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0cgx7x7	Who's a male character in the warriors universe
www.freebase.com/m/06n856	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/054rzc	what is the cause of death of fontella bass?
www.freebase.com/m/04vgtqv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/035qh3	Who was the publisher for briar rose
www.freebase.com/m/01qckn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hl8tn	what's a game konami released in the mid 90s
www.freebase.com/m/0f8yr7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is andy milder from?
www.freebase.com/m/06jzh	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/09z9lp7	What film was executively produced by robin wright
www.freebase.com/m/03ztvg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dxfktq	what person is known for being born in  varberg
www.freebase.com/m/01_6zk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre is the album garbage
www.freebase.com/m/0dn693	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What country is alec bregonzi from
www.freebase.com/m/0h5675g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (14383) 1990 oy3 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/078mm1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what kinds of movie is the cassandra crossing
www.freebase.com/m/037gk2n	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ljcc6f	travellin light was the fourth track on this album.
www.freebase.com/m/07t0jn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nx8b9	what is a track recorded by big head todd and the monsters?
www.freebase.com/m/04f44lp	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b1pwb	who directed the film john and mary
www.freebase.com/m/027wyv	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/03bxlhh	What's a preschool in hong kong
www.freebase.com/m/0mp_04b	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fst0nf	what release is i will always love you from 
www.freebase.com/m/01b39p_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0l0qls	what song came from the recording chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/01rt5y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	which color represents golden gate university
www.freebase.com/m/089tm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0np4tf1	what is a live album by zz top
www.freebase.com/m/0w3h4sm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What type of release was much too young (to feel this damn old)?
www.freebase.com/m/05ppy0	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/034fj2	what film did shane black write?
www.freebase.com/m/0fm2_	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_scope/organizations_with_this_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0_h3wwn	whats the name of an organization whose scope is  kingston upon hull
www.freebase.com/m/0gywpkd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0y4f8	what kinds of music is what matters most
www.freebase.com/m/07rqy	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/02pnv6d	what is a newspaper in the twin cities?
www.freebase.com/m/0crwy43	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what is the genre of the film francis xavier: the samurais lost treasure
www.freebase.com/m/01jgpsh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fz7_f9	what's an album that tracey ullman put out
www.freebase.com/m/050v1_	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/03cc776	who are the founders of daystar
www.freebase.com/m/02flcxb	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	Which type of license does calgary street map have
www.freebase.com/m/01l65cd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wd380	What is the name of a track by chris smither
www.freebase.com/m/03c4c_p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	in what country is lumi√®re university lyon 2 located
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtv0m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/09lnn	what is the active ingredient in cand-ex?
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0g_jxc	who is a male character from csi: miami?
www.freebase.com/m/04c6wrh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081mh	which state is servia in 
www.freebase.com/m/03f3_p3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jcgcb	which album was created by nina simone
www.freebase.com/m/04hm4f7	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/026kds	which recent console is hanjuku hero on
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22n0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0sxgv	Name a 20th century period piece film found on Netflix
www.freebase.com/m/019syx	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/0dxdt	What medical specialty is the disease human papillomavirus infection associated with
www.freebase.com/m/04jh8jk	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does giorgi tsimakuridze play
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/011f30	what is the name of a city in mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bm9m5n	what is the name of a mystery movie
www.freebase.com/m/06w9yk8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/02qjtv	who created the program o2be
www.freebase.com/m/02qhy7n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01x3g	what subject is over the edge based on
www.freebase.com/m/059n9f5	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/transit_system	www.freebase.com/m/07m8y	which transit system is 329 dufferin in?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6cd6_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of glass?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0d_sl	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the region that song of times was released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mxz_q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023pdf	who recorded a version of the song the happiest millionaire: are we dancing?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrjh1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02q788	what is the active ingredient in physiosol?
www.freebase.com/m/018r3g	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01nwcc	Who is the namesake of theodore stevens
www.freebase.com/m/07w55v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What is the subject of the book waiting for the mahatma
www.freebase.com/m/0g_0d9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	What position did beniamino abate play
www.freebase.com/m/02qqpb_	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03fy5c	who edited the mother and the whore?
www.freebase.com/m/02rztjp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What is the genre of the film the day will dawn
www.freebase.com/m/01fc1j	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/09lc9	What rank of organism classification is aphelocoma
www.freebase.com/m/02rbng7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c_m3	What city and state was dickey lee born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrn9v	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of ranitidine hydrochloride 1 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/05hk7k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03jgd42	what album did angela hewitt release
www.freebase.com/m/0gbqb38	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	Which genre of tv show is dandelion family
www.freebase.com/m/02qktrg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of film is bedeviled rabbit in?
www.freebase.com/m/07cl46	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where does the film where eskimos live come from 
www.freebase.com/m/0tcc0	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which timezone is morrowville located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0slr01	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m4r1g	Who is an artist from the recording curtains
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crs5fs	Name a movie in the romance film genre.
www.freebase.com/m/04d6nb4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	What genre is the dark knight
www.freebase.com/m/03x948	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06d4h	a day without a mexican tackles what subject?
www.freebase.com/m/02_tkj	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/06lxwz	who is a male character in twelfth night
www.freebase.com/m/09k6y54	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fp5z	what is  joe o'donnell birth place
www.freebase.com/m/0b3zsn	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken by the greeks in the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/0x2pz	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nd6j	What country contains helena valley southeast
www.freebase.com/m/02ph4lr	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is boardwalk bust
www.freebase.com/m/0h1h2hh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does mattias √ñstberg play 
www.freebase.com/m/01n_byw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sm3jt	what track is by sev?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsn54q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of 100 years duke 
www.freebase.com/m/015lhm	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_arts_students	www.freebase.com/m/0bxppg	Who was a student of the martial artist chuck norris
www.freebase.com/m/02y_l37	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01ghwy	What is the subject of junit in action
www.freebase.com/m/01hy735	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what is the genre of sweet kisses
www.freebase.com/m/0k33p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/064n7v0	Who is from birmingham?
www.freebase.com/m/02js9	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03wb74	what is an erotica film
www.freebase.com/m/0bm974m	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does matthieu bemba play?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9wx0j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01rwf_	where is the artist emmie from
www.freebase.com/m/01cnrh9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017mf4	the water is wide was record by which artist?
www.freebase.com/m/03jb342	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the turn to sound album released
www.freebase.com/m/01jj6wn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre of music is drop dead live?
www.freebase.com/m/0hbj28m	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	what is a model known for 
www.freebase.com/m/04j1ty8	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02rwx6z	who was an executive producer on bail out
www.freebase.com/m/08nffx	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	which religion is charles lenormant
www.freebase.com/m/06y2x3	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what is leonid nevzlins profession
www.freebase.com/m/02kyg3	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What is the region j. harold grady identifies with?
www.freebase.com/m/0g825b0	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was jazz in paris: harlem piano in montmartre released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0gckrz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is cristo rey jesuit high school belong to
www.freebase.com/m/023x4l	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/057m6	What genre is the video game shattered galaxy
www.freebase.com/m/0njtmyt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	What album was produced by kaci brown
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhy82	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01snr1	who manufactures midol 200 liquid filled capsule
www.freebase.com/m/012d9h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04k6jj	who was born in inverness?
www.freebase.com/m/0b75_6s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	what nation is  per h√¶kkerup from
www.freebase.com/m/0280c0y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	what was the reason for larry riley's death
www.freebase.com/m/0lfz72k	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031hzq4	What album is fall featured on
www.freebase.com/m/07mtr	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/09kjrxf	What is a piece of art made using tempera
www.freebase.com/m/0xl_62	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0sm77rg	what is a track from vienna
www.freebase.com/m/02q52q	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country did the wizard of oz (1939 film) originate in?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zjxs95	What is the name of a song
www.freebase.com/m/0d2v_	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_manufacturer/aircraft_models_made	www.freebase.com/m/027rmk_	what model was manufactured by airspeed ltd.
www.freebase.com/m/07pnbn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0lz8d	how did norton knatchbull, 6th baron brabourne die?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv1cb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is tonojug
www.freebase.com/m/0bmftn	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	What religion does jaja wachuku practice
www.freebase.com/m/0nhb3pf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what type of music does lady daisey make
www.freebase.com/m/03zvyn7	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n3c5sn	whats the name of a track from the release lady sings the blues
www.freebase.com/m/047m32q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music is join the band?
www.freebase.com/m/02843vz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of music release was every given moment released
www.freebase.com/m/0gc250d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	What is elizabeth cervantes's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0wsvz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	which state is rocheport in
www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04ppzs	Who was born in soviet union
www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05f4262	Who was born in ireland?
www.freebase.com/m/0crzsl1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What genre on netflix is arena en los bolsillos categorized under
www.freebase.com/m/02hlv5m	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/04rv_6	What gaming company worked on the legend of zelda: twilight princess
www.freebase.com/m/0pcpvs0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is c√°ndido m√©ndez
www.freebase.com/m/026r710	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is william mcneill's gender
www.freebase.com/m/039dtp	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0c_lbq	what is ivan aivazovsky's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8v92r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mhs7pg	which song is part of along came a spider
www.freebase.com/m/075skmt	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0m4kqk3	who did the production design on stroke 
www.freebase.com/m/0q3091	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v4_p	who is the artist of the song symphony no. 1: ii. adagio molto (sostenuto)
www.freebase.com/m/04_m6l	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02w9bkd	what unreleased third-person shooter/survival horror game was co-developed by Irrational Games?
www.freebase.com/m/027nsbn	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/0143y5	Who is interred at kumsusan palace of the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtnl9	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/026k37r	who wrote the film daniel pyne
www.freebase.com/m/05z9ny	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is jonathan caouette from?
www.freebase.com/m/047fygm	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is the religion of james spigelman
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmzw1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is dilaudid 4 tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/03_nl0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l3h	which twin-island in the Caribbean is saint philip parish located
www.freebase.com/m/0169jp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fyb0qz	what is a work by memphis minnie
www.freebase.com/m/0nbwf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04zyz27	What actor from Emmanuelle in Space was born in long beach, california?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/037vcz	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/0282wvn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is the film family
www.freebase.com/m/0w1t776	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the primary language for the moment
www.freebase.com/m/0k052y	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/05ch98	What is the name of a film that andreas grosch produced
www.freebase.com/m/0cjtvp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What is the language that the first men in the moon is filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/04v_tjw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01qqf6	What author edited the pearls of lutra (redwall, book 9)?
www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0ggmx4	what event was included in  american civil war
www.freebase.com/m/0qq9g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is drexel heights in
www.freebase.com/m/0yqnn7y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0bmm4	Which city was franja ko≈°enini born in
www.freebase.com/m/0wxsz5y	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gj4wx7	who did production design on stay
www.freebase.com/m/0bbwlf4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016l09	Who released under great white northern lights? 
www.freebase.com/m/0ftsvfz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ftsvgv	what is a song from the album audiology
www.freebase.com/m/04634rs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	What genre of music does the artist cantabile create
www.freebase.com/m/03fltg3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f4b04y	What is the name of a track of ammunition?
www.freebase.com/m/08_n0y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of movie is green snake
www.freebase.com/m/02_n4n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/021_gl6	what is toilet training
www.freebase.com/m/015smg	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/03p1ntm	whats an example of a automotive industry company
www.freebase.com/m/05f6z0z	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0172rj	what kind of music is weird 
www.freebase.com/m/0bgy4p	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05h701x	What is a film directed by sam newfield?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c0x5r	What is the name of a city located in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/04ljt2x	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was the film Baby Clothes produced in?
www.freebase.com/m/01wwnh2	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01hkjkx	what release is by dr. luke?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmg6z	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type did the essentials have?
www.freebase.com/m/01clh68	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037s2k3	what release was closer from
www.freebase.com/m/0f0n568	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/04ff3jh	which song was released on up all night
www.freebase.com/m/02rpy1_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was flatland flimed
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0rn65	which suburban city is found in the  united states
www.freebase.com/m/0h72kpt	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  automated labs, llc apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0my6j0q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0vb8rd	days of thunder contained what song
www.freebase.com/m/07pb0m	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is strumica located in
www.freebase.com/m/0dtwrtd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is the choice?
www.freebase.com/m/04cr890	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is  claremore lake in
www.freebase.com/m/055387	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07_kq	where did rolandas pavilionis become deceased
www.freebase.com/m/0p8wvvb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c7ppg	What is otto schultz's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/04g712	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0drf6	where did john simpson take his last breath
www.freebase.com/m/01rcjfh	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_j7zfn	what are songs by amos lee
www.freebase.com/m/03qhnl7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	in which country was the cargo 200 produce
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04jd_3p	What is an example of an alternative rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/023v03	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	What is Pat Nixon's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crx0vh	What is a film in the thriller genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqc23b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/019xs5r	what is the canonical version of pretty in pink
www.freebase.com/m/0q8jcy3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0rk8grz	what is the track list in the release song a day: year one
www.freebase.com/m/0b814h	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02rwd7	who directed the big knife
www.freebase.com/m/04ddcy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	which record label is bent fabric signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpc3g	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0cyhj_	what flavors does dramamine chewable formula 50 chewable tablet come in
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gycb53	name an animation film.
www.freebase.com/m/0398q7y	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What was the format of the dillinger escape plan
www.freebase.com/m/0k02q73	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/04cqykf	what series is the tv series episode bangladesh from
www.freebase.com/m/0jt4x5	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03gqw79	which film was written by shiraz ahmed
www.freebase.com/m/0gdk4hv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is lissy gulick's gender
www.freebase.com/m/096yt6	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06h5cd	what is a city in the nashik district
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/063lh9	what are soul music albums
www.freebase.com/m/0gc36tq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	where did george m. carleton die
www.freebase.com/m/01t04r	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rdjxv	who is an artist under sanctuary records 
www.freebase.com/m/04q2dnz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is fernando leguizam√≥n's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0w6wg44	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is chris hass's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0j21lrh	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01d6jf	what is the name of a parent of richard keith powell jr.
www.freebase.com/m/03y4bs_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	Where did they discover 8970 islandica?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03csnkf	what is an American rock music band
www.freebase.com/m/06w78km	www.freebase.com/location/cn_autonomous_county/designated_minority	www.freebase.com/m/013z8m	What's the designated minority of qingyuan manchu autonomous county
www.freebase.com/m/03m9m0h	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t265	who produced the film a sailor-made man
www.freebase.com/m/02_3k	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01fshq	who was the artist of fresco
www.freebase.com/m/0bp_5g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hfvw	Where was tuya born
www.freebase.com/m/04gvyp	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride_designer/rides	www.freebase.com/m/0bxwm1	What is a ride walt disney imagineering designed? 
www.freebase.com/m/08qnc1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	What company produced the videogame NFL 97?
www.freebase.com/m/02rq3z3	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	What is nate ramsey's position 
www.freebase.com/m/01dc0c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22hc	Which netflix genre is seven (film) the film from
www.freebase.com/m/05rnnq	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/074v_w	which area of activism does jeremiah evarts participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/03fgc_v	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is the region of rave on snow, volume 14
www.freebase.com/m/018fzs	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/04pk9	what religion does newt gingrich practice 
www.freebase.com/m/01hx7nw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what kind of music is on rhinoplasty?
www.freebase.com/m/0bl7dp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in amandla! a revolution in four part harmony
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtwhg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of the drug equaline anti itch
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zjdjq7	Name a song
www.freebase.com/m/0143q0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01gb54	what is the record label of afi
www.freebase.com/m/02681jc	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/015ym8	What movement was the artist f√©lix vallotton a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0k3v8dj	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is 20224 johnrae
www.freebase.com/m/0127s7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nn472n	What is the name of a song by christina aguilera
www.freebase.com/m/0zbf9nd	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position does baseball player joely rodriguez field
www.freebase.com/m/0mnl9ts	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fnffyl	what release is language from?
www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05gptr	Name a writer.
www.freebase.com/m/0mv12hp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035_42f	The release track crusin' is from what 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0j2b5n3	what is a 1921 drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0vz2317	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	where was the birthplace of fiona dwyer
www.freebase.com/m/0fdys	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w32vp	what is an english literature book?
www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0dv50s	What is the name of a place within peru
www.freebase.com/m/01wslzc	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02dsz	what is the profession of ramjack
www.freebase.com/m/012qdp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/028f_3	Name an armed forces officer
www.freebase.com/m/09ly9r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is luke wright's gender
www.freebase.com/m/041yq7	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06ss9yl	What is a work written by alfred percy sinnett?
www.freebase.com/m/04yf292	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music does collinz room perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0358pmj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the format of the release  ultimate feelgood anthems
www.freebase.com/m/0454l9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01drc4	who was the artist for the album classic masters
www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0gcxst	Who is the actor that died from lung cancer?
www.freebase.com/m/05bpxj	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019cpb	What is the subject of the computer video game mig-29: soviet fighter?
www.freebase.com/m/01mr5q2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	is the techniques reggae or rock
www.freebase.com/m/01vmylk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	r.j.s latest arrival is featured on what label?
www.freebase.com/m/03czr8g	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/09b3v	which company produced westward ho the wagons!?
www.freebase.com/m/01tny6_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04fcjt	What record label releases music from larry gatlin
www.freebase.com/m/0d99v9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	What was the cause of luis ortiz rosales's death?
www.freebase.com/m/026m9z3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is sergei yuran's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/06xjy_	what is an example of a station wagon
www.freebase.com/m/03mr5p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wv0bm7	What is a track from kirsten flagstad
www.freebase.com/m/06634j2	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	What is the cvg genre of dan dare iii: the escape?
www.freebase.com/m/01nmv0z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What kind of music is honey is cool?
www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0_r_hjr	who was involved in vietnam war
www.freebase.com/m/01g168c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is now that‚Äôs what i call music! 50
www.freebase.com/m/05srl9z	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is gardener's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04d4r1	www.freebase.com/user/coco/science/concepts_theories/parent_concept	www.freebase.com/m/025x7g_	What is the parent concept of chirality (mathematics)
www.freebase.com/m/08l966	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01b8jj	where was ben griffin born?
www.freebase.com/m/0ts2c6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032qmvx	What album plays the planet song?
www.freebase.com/m/082nw	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/first_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What is the wallis and futuna a division of
www.freebase.com/m/05srl8n	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0ddct	what is the occupation of the character named  antonio
www.freebase.com/m/0bb_0q1	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	what war was battle of columbus part of
www.freebase.com/m/05vw1b3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hyxv	frances paige was born here.
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/047c87c	whats the name of a main belt asteroid found in our  solar system
www.freebase.com/m/07b4h9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03l30d	who composed down under
www.freebase.com/m/0gy_	www.freebase.com/base/fictionaluniverse/fictional_killer/characters_killed	www.freebase.com/m/04ly31	What's a character killed by achilles
www.freebase.com/m/02vpz0r	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a gameplay mode available in world empire
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/052t6lf	what title of painting is visual art form
www.freebase.com/m/0l6ny	www.freebase.com/time/event/instance_of_recurring_event	www.freebase.com/m/06vvk	which olympic held 1984 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/0fhhylh	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the marilyn monroe collection: 20 golden greats
www.freebase.com/m/04t3nwx	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/01ymly	who is a female character in high spirits
www.freebase.com/m/0qjjymk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02dqrw	what city was cristiano ara√∫jo born in
www.freebase.com/m/0fvnlcd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	What format was poinciana released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0416g8h	What is the name of a soul music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0j10bwp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02kmm	what nationality is ragne veensalu?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtbx24	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0tw02_m	what is the track list on the release who's that girl
www.freebase.com/m/03x1c4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmbf_5	what track is from ultra nat√©?
www.freebase.com/m/01vq3	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/09840p	What is the name of a christmas film
www.freebase.com/m/0565nf	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0clz7	What city in Ireland is saint fin barres cathedral in?
www.freebase.com/m/01d8gj	www.freebase.com/base/peleton/road_bicycling_race/road_bicycling_race_type	www.freebase.com/m/05gh9pp	what type of race is ronde van vlaanderen 
www.freebase.com/m/02psyx7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music is cyndi almouzni known for
www.freebase.com/m/0grx_0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/016gb5	which european city was kurt ebelhaeuser from?
www.freebase.com/m/03nx1ck	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/01ctxf	who was the film the other boleyn girl based on the story by
www.freebase.com/m/0crtpjr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what kinds of movie is kaun kare kurbani
www.freebase.com/m/0hlqgsl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What film genre is "The Fuse: Or How I Burned Simon Bolivar"?
www.freebase.com/m/07_53	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0b43bv1	what is a volleyball team?
www.freebase.com/m/0mz2d2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02f1c	who sang the song i will always love you
www.freebase.com/m/07tp__	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did henry ainley breathe his last breath
www.freebase.com/m/04jkff0	www.freebase.com/base/abcbirds/conservation_project/project_location_s	www.freebase.com/m/06pl5	Where did south atlantic invasive species project take place?
www.freebase.com/m/0199j6	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02sgy	what is a instrument used in martin carthy 
www.freebase.com/m/0bmh4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0xns7	What is elizabeth taylor's religion
www.freebase.com/m/02ts66	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is brum spoken 
www.freebase.com/m/03y0sd_	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/013pf1	who is 30788 angekauffmann named after
www.freebase.com/m/0fq39jt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is joseph lin
www.freebase.com/m/03h2nt1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	How did wilson dos santos die?
www.freebase.com/m/027tkyp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was sandipan chattopadhyay born in 
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01nxfdg	Which artists  are pop music artists?
www.freebase.com/m/0b1th1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02x06nb	Who wrote open house?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmr	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	What is the occupation of the fictional character david bowman?
www.freebase.com/m/0l_zpt5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j5xb4	what is an album released in tokyo
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nlv62	what is a 2005 single by Kelly Clarkson
www.freebase.com/m/01gfjk	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03qjh1n	What is located in nuevo leon?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3hn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04973my	what is a city in essex county
www.freebase.com/m/0hzyprp	www.freebase.com/geography/island/body_of_water	www.freebase.com/m/067nk1	Which body of water surrounds long island?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6cq0	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/025w401	What's the legal structure of new horizon interactive
www.freebase.com/m/0g54p5d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of donald prentice booth
www.freebase.com/m/0gms1g	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which position in football is played by bernhard cullmann
www.freebase.com/m/015jby	www.freebase.com/user/duck1123/default_domain/adopted_character/adoptive_parents	www.freebase.com/m/0gwjjc	Who is an adoptive parent of the character rogue?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsg4f	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03vwgw	What is the active ingredient in stalevo?
www.freebase.com/m/0389k78	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format that norway calling is released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05zz7rc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	Where was Alejandro Luna born?
www.freebase.com/m/0kml_	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_conference/teams	www.freebase.com/m/03wctwm	What's a southeastern conference basketball team
www.freebase.com/m/03f0zzy	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/09zyn5	what is jan garbarek's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/06c80x	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what football position is played by martin brittain
www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05mv0y2	what person was born in new orleans?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjdlz9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is nigel levine's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqm0b0	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/03qmh	what flavors is ludens wild honey throat drops 2.8 lozenge available in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hwg38	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	Where is the tulehu language spoken
www.freebase.com/m/09gl0b	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	What position is levi jones
www.freebase.com/m/0bh8057	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	Where was prasad barve's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04z__zj	Who is an artist of art rock?
www.freebase.com/m/025_8wn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dl08	What was muhammad metwally al shaarawy profession?
www.freebase.com/m/04jjr20	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/0cynv	who was the architect that designed the edif√≠cio copan
www.freebase.com/m/02k5rl	www.freebase.com/food/cheese/region	www.freebase.com/m/03hvzr	Where is asiago cheese from
www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05d1h1	What is the name of bikini model born in tokyo?
www.freebase.com/m/013y54	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/includes_groups	www.freebase.com/m/02pxhxy	which ethnic group includes the han chinese 
www.freebase.com/m/0253_p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/010dcm	where did martin harris (latter day saints) die
www.freebase.com/m/0fwlsyf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which region is crown of thorns released in?
www.freebase.com/m/018qlp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg4j	Who is margaret sullavan?
www.freebase.com/m/0fs_8	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gg9b4w	who was born in olomouc?
www.freebase.com/m/01g8dv	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/model/generations	www.freebase.com/m/0pmhvtb	What is the model for the 2013 chevrolet corvette?
www.freebase.com/m/0y6c2ds	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is gheseye pariya
www.freebase.com/m/0zls5vw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05vk77	who helped write lyrics for the bagman's gambit?
www.freebase.com/m/03f4yzm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02mscn	what genre does the artist britt nicole perform in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2jf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/019s9m	What's the active ingredient of motion sickness
www.freebase.com/m/054rpj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what is the school type of robert mcqueen high school
www.freebase.com/m/0156q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/047pmt7	Who is a famous vocalist and conductor born in berlin?
www.freebase.com/m/0jyp98j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what asteroid group is  (10940) 1999 ce52 apart of
www.freebase.com/m/01yf92	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/06gmcg	What is a game that koei published?
www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_support/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/02rx6t9	What's an example of canvas art
www.freebase.com/m/0zgmchs	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0q04f	What is the profession didier rousselet?
www.freebase.com/m/0yqzj5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l7h8lx	what song came from the recording hong kong?
www.freebase.com/m/047vnkj	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/05rrtf	what company did produce the 2012 science fiction movie
www.freebase.com/m/0dq5xj	www.freebase.com/computer/software_genre/software_in_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jbb1r9	What's an example of mobile voip
www.freebase.com/m/0c3x5cv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwyss	Which language is the film valley of the wolves: palestine in
www.freebase.com/m/0266mf0	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0t_2	what language does a palestinian american speak
www.freebase.com/m/0cwkr4	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/071wp	what is the st. peter's church named for 
www.freebase.com/m/03wy5t7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r949	Where was robert j. eaton born
www.freebase.com/m/048t9qt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	what u.s. state is the location where brunswick villa is
www.freebase.com/m/03gvsvn	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qx01t	whats an artist signed under pias recordings
www.freebase.com/m/01j4ghg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/018lg0	what genre is clutch 
www.freebase.com/m/06m665	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/02nww5	Who was the director for the tv series black hole?
www.freebase.com/m/01zylf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/soundtracks	www.freebase.com/m/01fmhzm	What is metroid fusion's soundtrack? 
www.freebase.com/m/0bmgf4z	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	The football player kim ju-young plays what position?
www.freebase.com/m/0h8b_2c	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02gt5s	where is the birth place of jonathan alderman
www.freebase.com/m/047gpr8	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what genre is the book blood rites
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0gvdjd3	who is a male character in moneyball
www.freebase.com/m/0llrp	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge_type/bridges_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/051sgsv	what is an example of a covered bridge
www.freebase.com/m/01wr2vg	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	does keith olsen play bass guitar
www.freebase.com/m/05ngty	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	in what form was the composition distant lover released as
www.freebase.com/m/0qjwvn8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ymwn	who is the artist of heimspiel! die toten hosen live in d√ºsseldorf?
www.freebase.com/m/03f19q4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0s7flz	what are tracks by juelz santana
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gxmb6j	Name a short film.
www.freebase.com/m/04p74hx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vjs6	What kind of film is the falcon in san francisco
www.freebase.com/m/0116dmq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/012lj1	who is the producer for the recording go it alone
www.freebase.com/m/07cqw	www.freebase.com/astronomy/constellation/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07xx3c	what is a star within taurus (constellation)?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtcx_x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is the very best of harry belafonte?
www.freebase.com/m/01rhgtc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kk5qpf	what are some of the tracks found in love, power & justice?
www.freebase.com/m/04nt22	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0150n	where was eduard schonfeld's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/01s5gq	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/focus_city_for	www.freebase.com/m/013h5m	Where is trondheim airport, v√¶rnes?
www.freebase.com/m/02rkgmg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0smnk	Where did john a. m. adair pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0mld5q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/05dbbs	who is the producer of well all rite cha
www.freebase.com/m/026c9dq	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0t_2	Which language do the chilean american speak
www.freebase.com/m/08wb99	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p2lh	what area is contained in barnhill arena?
www.freebase.com/m/05x0rs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vgkd	what kind of film is  novocaine
www.freebase.com/m/01qb9t	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0h3430x	Who was a child of michael shanks
www.freebase.com/m/07s3w8b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	where was fl√°vio guimar√£es born
www.freebase.com/m/02zksh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jfx	Where are the ellsworth mountains located
www.freebase.com/m/078pf0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is elva kvinnor i ett hus?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jzb14	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	how was present tense formated
www.freebase.com/m/04wf4dv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	what type of work is brigands of the moon?
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5fx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02m92h	who directed let's go to prison
www.freebase.com/m/0jf5v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0qkcr	Who is an artist of medieval metal?
www.freebase.com/m/059g4	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/063j6ph	which 2009 musical tour took place in north america
www.freebase.com/m/04w8hsl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	what is assassinating shakespeare about 
www.freebase.com/m/0c9bq3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what type of school is bishop rawstorne
www.freebase.com/m/059nj3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h3m85f	Who was born in nanded?
www.freebase.com/m/059g4	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/064qlkl	What is the name of a place in north america
www.freebase.com/m/02912f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is the film  after the fox
www.freebase.com/m/09842g	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0xdz4	what area does the conway daily sun circulate in
www.freebase.com/m/01lwlgs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release format was kaizoku-ban: live in japan in?
www.freebase.com/m/03wb6rt	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what film format was dam street shot in
www.freebase.com/m/0n_5r	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048vr_n	What city is a part of bryan county
www.freebase.com/m/088c9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	which country is yahya khan from 
www.freebase.com/m/02633th	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02633rr	which regency is amlapura located in
www.freebase.com/m/03hkvxn	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/03c0w1m	Which position does the football player dennis stevens play
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0fs_rd	what person played defender in football?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_c5td	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0sqjvm	what tracks are included on i am‚Ä¶
www.freebase.com/m/0t3_q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01xssh	what is an educational institution located in indianola
www.freebase.com/m/023fjm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is rolando navarrete female or male?
www.freebase.com/m/04q743j	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What soccer position does jacques tioye play
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0b__qdf	Who is someone that plays as a forward
www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fs7n7k	Who is an artist signed to mercury records?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0b1klw	what is a netflix suspense title
www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/020nrq	which american actor contracted aids?
www.freebase.com/m/04m_5cb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where in north america is new silver beach
www.freebase.com/m/01f3_7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqscg2	what drug has mineral oil
www.freebase.com/m/0yt448f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is tibor p√©ter banai?
www.freebase.com/m/025ttz4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	where is university of warsaw located in europe?
www.freebase.com/m/03yj3j5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	where was the death place of john perrin
www.freebase.com/m/0799bpz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	What is seattle
www.freebase.com/m/0vpwj8v	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/045c7b	which company developed google hangouts
www.freebase.com/m/01pj1zm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrgr	what kind of music is eric the red
www.freebase.com/m/06w9vnv	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/07mfk	What religion does chandana jayarathne follow
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/01lb4pz	Name a vocalist that identifies as part of the african american ethnicity? 
www.freebase.com/m/05q0fv	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_k5mh9	which song is eric erlandson the composer of 
www.freebase.com/m/03fs0fd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m0qkr_	what is a song from surrounded by freaks
www.freebase.com/m/0d0r4r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what kind of movie is shanghai ghetto
www.freebase.com/m/0g_rz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/0hsqy	what was mace windu fictional power
www.freebase.com/m/0g53mxx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03l2n	Where in texas was tracie laymon born?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5hh	www.freebase.com/chemistry/chemical_compound/classifications	www.freebase.com/m/03zbcv	how is ethanolamine classified
www.freebase.com/m/0260ktn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is mike quade's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04wb0fg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	a portrait of lord nelson  focuses on what subject
www.freebase.com/m/0pyv05	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0pyv4k	what are some of the versions of the single tomorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/03f15vd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190_q	what is the genre of white hills?
www.freebase.com/m/05vq92g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is hilary beard known for
www.freebase.com/m/068bs	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/05b8z8g	what is an example of a primary school?
www.freebase.com/m/02x2vqz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is bud sprague male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04br9jv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06yxd	which state is bennetts point in 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqryvv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/011w3r	what is fentanyl citrate used to formulate
www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04cw83	Name an artist that plays music of the progressive metal genre.
www.freebase.com/m/03c94kx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01nqm4	Where is ocoli≈üel river located?
www.freebase.com/m/0_k0zb0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the sickie boy show in
www.freebase.com/m/01psqj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/025vqty	what is a city near u≈æice
www.freebase.com/m/02gkg4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqk0rs	what is a drug manufactured by abbott laboratories
www.freebase.com/m/04w50bn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	what is the calligraphy of the witch about 
www.freebase.com/m/06_x56s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is hideto aki known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/05zwpxn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is kevin dundon 
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06twql	who is the jazz musician
www.freebase.com/m/01r8qk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/028xpx	what type of game is vagrant story
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgh9m	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/09k_b	what flavor does herbon lemon honey herbal 3 lozenge come in 
www.freebase.com/m/0lgzk4	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0qrx8b	which version is part of atlanta
www.freebase.com/m/05zf5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06n3y	where contains purus river
www.freebase.com/m/0zdbb_m	www.freebase.com/film/film/primary_language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	in what language is family portrait spoken
www.freebase.com/m/052szm0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	in what media was the painting road in the dunes with a passenger coach done?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7rb5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07f1x	which country gives newin chidchob his or her nationality
www.freebase.com/m/036f002	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ldflyb	what track is on all thats left of us?
www.freebase.com/m/06gjcb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what kind of game is varicella
www.freebase.com/m/0_fl6b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nb9s7	who recorded deep purple
www.freebase.com/m/02ps30y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2j1	What is an active moiety found in trichophyton rubrum?
www.freebase.com/m/05s_6m5	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/0276s5z	which organism classification does goodyera pubescens correspond to
www.freebase.com/m/0h553w9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which star system does (18354) 1990 rk5 have?
www.freebase.com/m/04ttz3m	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/04nxw6	Who edited the book edition back in the world?
www.freebase.com/m/058kr	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/01zz9y	which political party ascribes to marxism‚Äìleninism
www.freebase.com/m/06srjt	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what music form is the composition Planet Caravan?
www.freebase.com/m/027swb3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was spoken in delicious
www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0hqkz	what is a compatible ingredient with the vegetarian cuisine
www.freebase.com/m/0_lyxm8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbbt	which musical profession is mark calderon in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g5_7x5	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was a barbershop christmas released?
www.freebase.com/m/0fswl0k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mxy10b	what is the title track from the recording cuba
www.freebase.com/m/02r0pxh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does jimi haha sing
www.freebase.com/m/0m32h	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/bv_medical_condition/company_involved	www.freebase.com/m/026k9q2	what company is involved in working with prostate cancer
www.freebase.com/m/0y9s5rm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what seven classic albums plus bonus tracks (disc 2) a dvd or an album
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mc482	What was name of the album released by Demis Roussos?
www.freebase.com/m/0bb7v49	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/04ckp1	Who composed ghosts of war
www.freebase.com/m/0nnb610	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/01vv7sc	who engineered shot in the back of the head 
www.freebase.com/m/0bl4__	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/041wm	which leader was the forum of caesar named after
www.freebase.com/m/03c93q1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	who composed dirt road blues?
www.freebase.com/m/0znl27l	www.freebase.com/time/recurring_event/instances	www.freebase.com/m/0cncz_	what is an instance of the juno award ceremony 
www.freebase.com/m/035hm	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in gibraltar?
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0gtm313	What's an example of a regiment
www.freebase.com/m/0cg4d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh4_	what is the notable type of lower canada
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/09sfgn	who was the forward football player that is also a coach?
www.freebase.com/m/01k_8s9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is mr. excitement
www.freebase.com/m/027m698	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is a school color at seton high school
www.freebase.com/m/01s521f	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	what's an unusual instrument that a member of the tuna helpers played
www.freebase.com/m/01knbng	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016hzm	who released the album tattoo / family album
www.freebase.com/m/0g72bc9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mz_syb	what is the track list of the release thats too bad
www.freebase.com/m/0cm8wk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dptw5f	what is the name of a song by gibson brothers
www.freebase.com/m/0121nk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is joanna baillie's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0351cpt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l7dg_g	whats a song off of the album 2001
www.freebase.com/m/0_r0tfx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0njl8	where was robert l. kellogg born
www.freebase.com/m/04lh_p4	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07c37	which english philosopher influenced adriana cavarero
www.freebase.com/m/07t2k	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w7n9x	what books have ulysses s. grant written?
www.freebase.com/m/07vvls	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is rudolf kastner's religion
www.freebase.com/m/01n44s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is the axeman of new orleans?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxdxw8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	in what group is sodium monofluorophosphate 7.6 dentifrice paste clasiffied
www.freebase.com/m/02rsrv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is ajahn chah a man or woman
www.freebase.com/m/0cnqpg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	Where is r√≠o negro located?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldqytf	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/036h3kv	What album was 1995 released on
www.freebase.com/m/03gzb97	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is stingaree
www.freebase.com/m/01ygcb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03yw861	what is the garden of the gods?
www.freebase.com/m/01fwzd3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What kind of album is cats eye original soundtrack?
www.freebase.com/m/057fvd	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/01ptzf	what is one of tintin's books
www.freebase.com/m/0gm3sxy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is ji≈ô√≠ plojhar?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p3rrd	whats an album released in 1988
www.freebase.com/m/01g4bk	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0bs2fdm	What movie credits takeshi kitano as an executive producer
www.freebase.com/m/051zftc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/032bvj	Which netflix genre is  rupaul's drag race found under
www.freebase.com/m/08njz3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv0nz	what is the marketed formulation of amikacin
www.freebase.com/m/0_71by8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the song speed?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3z49	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02vr7	who composed veronica?
www.freebase.com/m/01htxr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0tp3fxt	What is the name of a track by the artist tony bennett
www.freebase.com/m/03v10s	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/congressional_caucus_memberships	www.freebase.com/m/026360	Which congressional caucus is joseph crowley a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/0yrws4s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is daniel haglund's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/06brld	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03flwk	who is the writer of rififi
www.freebase.com/m/0mxl9	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/013kbg	Name a town located in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.
www.freebase.com/m/05qhlvr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/033cw	who was the author of science fiction special 35
www.freebase.com/m/04b0r6g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is washington located
www.freebase.com/m/0crx2h8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which genre on netflix can you find the cater street hangman
www.freebase.com/m/041yrq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k049	Where did henry roquemore perish
www.freebase.com/m/04p7zcw	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/03xpx0	What is coral ridge country club estates a neighborhood of?
www.freebase.com/m/01ht8q6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of album is let your love flow: 20 years of hits
www.freebase.com/m/085nnm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of clarence griffin
www.freebase.com/m/02y9nt	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	What time zone is canmore in
www.freebase.com/m/04wgn6k	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d6gr	which genre is the book the 100 most notable cornellians about
www.freebase.com/m/05f46	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hxxgf	which language is part of niger‚Äìcongo languages
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt03w	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01rml9	what is the active moieties in lifestyles epic male genital desensitizer
www.freebase.com/m/0gx2_dj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country was the golden plague filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/01gwtn5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	What is the content type for the album [sol system]: venus?
www.freebase.com/m/0cnsp	www.freebase.com/base/usnationalparks/us_national_park/state	www.freebase.com/m/07srw	Which state is bryce canyon national park in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jkxb2k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what country released friendly fire
www.freebase.com/m/0gc2sl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What nationality is otto behaghel
www.freebase.com/m/012c6x	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/04j1w4w	Which film did jackie cooper direct
www.freebase.com/m/03zyv4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Where is the house of the spirits on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0cy1xn	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0ftms	what is the circulation areas of the bhutan times
www.freebase.com/m/04__y	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w85y6	what work has meteorology as its subject
www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k7gsn	who loves progressive metal
www.freebase.com/m/0h3pg42	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01756d	what kind of music is played by the reigning monarchs
www.freebase.com/m/0bmb8mm	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is caitlin blackwood's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0zpt2lx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was the album inception?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsmw4l	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	is world gone crazy a soundtrack or a studio album
www.freebase.com/m/0fssd	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does charles edward stuart practice 
www.freebase.com/m/036_0v3	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the release format of one track mind
www.freebase.com/m/096xjr	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is the san luis reservoir in the united states or canada
www.freebase.com/m/0z9_tz8	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0404d	what does accessory fair sell
www.freebase.com/m/0l4l3rh	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0zn57y	what recording did the track independence come from
www.freebase.com/m/04v9zny	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0579h1	What is the name of the book that has an edition titled across the river and into the trees
www.freebase.com/m/01jht7k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does the creature album plays
www.freebase.com/m/03nw1l7	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position did Yacine Slatni play?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bdnts	What man was born in dallas, texas?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/08phg9	Name a movie in the action film genre.
www.freebase.com/m/0clvkzp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is mueller college of holistic studies located in
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cgcms	what film is in the black-and-white film genre?
www.freebase.com/m/027fskd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was born to controversy: the roddy piper story filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/02830p4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02kqgg2	what is jesse white (australian footballer) known for
www.freebase.com/m/03cl6g_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country does steven kaplan identify with
www.freebase.com/m/02r2b7g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which european country is beverley cross from
www.freebase.com/m/03gbwn0	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016hrc	who is an artist played on orsradio.com oldies
www.freebase.com/m/0x0h06q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	What genre of tv program is the looney tunes show: the lost motorcycle club
www.freebase.com/m/0fhhv1_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/043d4	which musician produced symphonies 68, 93-104
www.freebase.com/m/0frhw7n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrp9l	what album is shes all i ever had from
www.freebase.com/m/059j2	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0wbhv	What's a municipality in the netherlands
www.freebase.com/m/01kztw6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is adrian legg's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0xtwj	whats a location in the mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/03mj0_6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What is a star system of 9907 oileus?
www.freebase.com/m/0603fr	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/083pr	which president was involved in the 1908 republican national convention 
www.freebase.com/m/0p_7w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04n1x_v	what's one of the albums that the everly brothers put out
www.freebase.com/m/037g66m	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What region was fairport convention released in?
www.freebase.com/m/071cn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03hhm88	Which football player was born in syracuse, new york?
www.freebase.com/m/0227bv	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0jwj__5	where is yongin located
www.freebase.com/m/01pr210	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qdbls6	what is a song by the osmonds
www.freebase.com/m/03wcnj	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t3st2	what work was written by tony parsons (british journalist)
www.freebase.com/m/0y9mxwn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0y8pncl	What was the release for the release track i miss you?
www.freebase.com/m/0dy0_v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of philip czaplowski?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrwl8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is oxycodone hydrochloride 40 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/064plp1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rv97	what was frank fontsere's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/03s5lz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country filmed analyze this
www.freebase.com/m/0_j5yf8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01km9d	who composed the piece riptide?
www.freebase.com/m/0t41b1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is happy days a notable example of 
www.freebase.com/m/0df219	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01s10qf	what album contains dj mix
www.freebase.com/m/03g5q6g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what kinds of music is broken & beautiful
www.freebase.com/m/0gd59fk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is dimitris myrat male or female
www.freebase.com/m/08fw3k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m1xv	which genre is the talk show this week
www.freebase.com/m/07blqr	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	what hockey position does marty reasoner play in? 
www.freebase.com/m/0rst2r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02_fj	what recorded impressions
www.freebase.com/m/0k1q82	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation is eve newman originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/087s1y	What's the non-multiplayer mode for single-player
www.freebase.com/m/0dnxnbf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j8zv9	What album was the wolf released from
www.freebase.com/m/0gx_cht	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03f3040	This American hip hop recording artist and record producer from Long Beach, California was the lyricist for the song nothin but the cavi hit.
www.freebase.com/m/0287_tp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	What musical genre is the album Hack?
www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0l019f	Who is someone that is well known for playing the keyboard
www.freebase.com/m/03843gn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0llv8ly	what tracks are included on the release step into the beat
www.freebase.com/m/0cc1d9f	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is the rage filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04jlp7_	who was born in saint petersburg
www.freebase.com/m/012l70	www.freebase.com/base/folklore/mythology/mythical_creatures	www.freebase.com/m/01hbf3	what mythical creature appears in chinese mythology
www.freebase.com/m/0f_rxvl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/02slyr	who is the engineer for avenue 
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05zl7gz	name a 1998 studio album
www.freebase.com/m/027drxh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04k2ys	where was richard hooker born
www.freebase.com/m/02w4fkq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	Where genre of music is colbie caillat known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0ybb1tc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of elisabeth pinajeff
www.freebase.com/m/02g1tn	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0cz_n8	Which organization did friedrich wilhelm raiffeisen found?
www.freebase.com/m/03cqlgw	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/02mmwk	what is a film that was produced by  the company  cruise/wagner productions
www.freebase.com/m/0crspb1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	what movie genre is the west wittering affair?
www.freebase.com/m/0182n0	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03l6h	who inspired aenesidemus
www.freebase.com/m/0drnwh	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bn3jg	who edited memoirs of a geisha (film)
www.freebase.com/m/04bsq3	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pqhlb	Name a artist with shady records
www.freebase.com/m/0ghhp8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	larry davis died of what? 
www.freebase.com/m/01k5t5h	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015x10	Which artist made the album the king of soul
www.freebase.com/m/09k5kq2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02v2lh	What is the genre of music of the album the platinum collection?
www.freebase.com/m/01cc4lt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02qsjt	Which artist recorded chicago?
www.freebase.com/m/027_trk	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_official/sport	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	what sport is  luigi agnolin a sports official for
www.freebase.com/m/05nn_6	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05nbg1	who directed the movie jeepers creepers (2001 film)
www.freebase.com/m/06xdbl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	To what genre does the film Candleshoe belong?
www.freebase.com/m/0c4gjps	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0gx1fv7	who is the author of poems
www.freebase.com/m/0227cl	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vc3n1	what is an edition of main street?
www.freebase.com/m/0qg9gxb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q5tchs	what release is the track  knowing from 
www.freebase.com/m/0g46sw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	where is the birthplace of roni stoneman
www.freebase.com/m/0b48cc	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01r3hr	whats the position that mike holovak plays
www.freebase.com/m/01w8n89	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	what type of music is buckethead?
www.freebase.com/m/06zrfm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02wdc0	Where was sigrid d. peyerimhoff born
www.freebase.com/m/05b36bm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	What country is ahn seok-ho a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/0j2glz1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did mrs. charles craig die?
www.freebase.com/m/0b2v79	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where was "The Untouchables" filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/038_4_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomer/astronomical_objects_discovered	www.freebase.com/m/0h3w4dt	which main-belt minor planet was discovered by seiji ueda?
www.freebase.com/m/09l65	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01ws2cd	what is the name of a male singer
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t19gw	What's a book written on france
www.freebase.com/m/02h3tp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfwf8	what station broadcasted  patrick swayze
www.freebase.com/m/0fszgjz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fszgjq	what album is believe on
www.freebase.com/m/0809nnt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ky2h	which artist made the album sonny rollins and the big brass
www.freebase.com/m/01x4r3	www.freebase.com/base/americancomedy/comedian/comedy_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	what comedy genre does lewis black fall under
www.freebase.com/m/02q02kf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	which gameplay was used in the time warp of dr. brain
www.freebase.com/m/01q7_cj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of music can be found on the album called irrelevant
www.freebase.com/m/01t7j	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/beliefs	www.freebase.com/m/03ncvk	what is a belief of calvinism
www.freebase.com/m/0wj26f	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nzmbw	which artist participated in the recording europa
www.freebase.com/m/08mxvr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0260p2	Who was the developer for majin tensei
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mhp58	which album is of the rock music genre
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0vxpq	which area in located in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0h3pbtb	What game has a single-player
www.freebase.com/m/0f2wp13	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lzjs2_	What's the title track on close encounters of the third kind
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0l4k0vw	what is the name of a biography about the king of pop
www.freebase.com/m/030wt06	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where was lightbulb sun released 
www.freebase.com/m/028ksj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	Which state in australia is colac, victoria located
www.freebase.com/m/04lbqz	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	what kind of educational institution is mountain state university
www.freebase.com/m/05pf07	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02sj1x	what music is used in secrets
www.freebase.com/m/0wv52m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01mff8l	who produced run around
www.freebase.com/m/02q1z8p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0135k2	where was christian nerlinger born
www.freebase.com/m/0g57s9n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	what state is johnny ross from
www.freebase.com/m/0d2d36	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What genre is a cavern of black ice classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0xs90	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03bcqm	which organizations did the sisters of mercy founded?
www.freebase.com/m/03y72cn	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/03t31x	How did 3660 lazarev get its name?
www.freebase.com/m/04c66dh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	is boulder in the united states or canada
www.freebase.com/m/0g5z9h	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	What genre is the computer videogame malice
www.freebase.com/m/0js8wll	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is the film reality from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0tm_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what is the cvg genre of disneys pk: out of the shadows
www.freebase.com/m/02nddq	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pm2hj	Who is a musical art signed to tvt records?
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j1yx6	Which films are considered to be western (genre) films?
www.freebase.com/m/0r5sj	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/03134t	What's a popular destination in half moon bay
www.freebase.com/m/04b58y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01540	What is climbing mount improbable written about?
www.freebase.com/m/025wvn8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country did the show poolside chats originate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2sztd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was the deutscher funk album released?
www.freebase.com/m/0qxwwh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037hzpx	which release was solomon on?
www.freebase.com/m/07m02sc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/07m02r5	What season of dr danger is the episode south africa from
www.freebase.com/m/02qqr0m	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0847q	what is the administrative parent of shire of irwin?
www.freebase.com/m/02zgw3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0d1hjl	What is the name of a coastal city located in thane district
www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03y8j89	Name a notable record producer
www.freebase.com/m/058_tl2	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/vehicle_types	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what kind of vehicle is 87 cosburn
www.freebase.com/m/01qhxs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	which famous city is julius evola from
www.freebase.com/m/0gdl1xl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0nbwf	What city did hans mauch die in?
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/01mlk0	name a city located in north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/02hlsww	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/044qk1	What gaming developer made max payne 2: the fall of max payne
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv684	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	whats the legal status of the drug granisetron
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0gn6m3	what is a title of a lgbt netflix film?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4nqw6	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0brc5x	what production company produced cooking: terms and what they mean
www.freebase.com/m/0zbmdn6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what genre is free fall
www.freebase.com/m/01l5653	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0y2tr	what type of rock album is dirk wears white sox classified as
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01tyt1m	Name rock music band from united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0crzg10	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	What language is spoken in women prison
www.freebase.com/m/03cgfdz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	is the league of extraordinary gentlemen fiction or nonfiction
www.freebase.com/m/0h8md6p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of movie is the nowhere son
www.freebase.com/m/031l1zf	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/04cxxz1	What are the names of the tracks from the album free?
www.freebase.com/m/02qllrv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0g2j9d	where did arthur lionel pugh norrington die
www.freebase.com/m/08vt78	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is michigan college of optometry in?
www.freebase.com/m/05vlwh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country is a perfect spy written about
www.freebase.com/m/0gzsm8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of thomas hill (painter)?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0b5str	what artist is known for  pop music 
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rffdq	which movie is adventure film
www.freebase.com/m/01pfx92	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	what type of music does plebe rude create 
www.freebase.com/m/07s3fpr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016fly	what is judith hall's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05ps1n2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin for back in the day?
www.freebase.com/m/011d0v	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mkdm	what county and state is the city muskego in 
www.freebase.com/m/03cchp0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01trtc	who is sean porteous signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0fd6ftf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_n6my	What is the name of a track off of new moon
www.freebase.com/m/07hb1t	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0jr6z	what entity was involved in the gothic war
www.freebase.com/m/01s370	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_series/games_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/069z92	What is the title of a game in the fire emblem series
www.freebase.com/m/0dvq6pd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	What is kid handsome famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0dh969	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is psycho?
www.freebase.com/m/04g2c8s	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system is 15395 r√ºkl a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6mcpp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/06v079	who created young justice
www.freebase.com/m/017gm7	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0js9s	who produced the lord of the rings: the two towers?
www.freebase.com/m/03cqsrg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is ole hallesby
www.freebase.com/m/02x8z_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	what music company is bruce hornsby with?
www.freebase.com/m/03w20k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what was john mitchell kemble's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/05zw69g	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What was the album content type of fast life?
www.freebase.com/m/0b7kmg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w6s3	What kind of music does danny rampling make?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp45n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01lw65	where was steve tully born 
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crrjks	what is the tittle of the political documentary film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/03fgdg4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fk92hh	what track is renegade soundscapes, volume 2 from?
www.freebase.com/m/052588h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/012hdv	which municipality is glostrup located in
www.freebase.com/m/0gjdr_1	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/049k4w	What position in baseball does bob thorpe play?
www.freebase.com/m/08ttmw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081mh	What location is R.D. Bailey Lake contained in?
www.freebase.com/m/0b3vyj5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/08966	Where was eric kress born?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crrzz7	what is a musical film from 2008?
www.freebase.com/m/047fxn4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/068bs	what kind of school is st john's cofe primary school?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhb	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0pybl	what movement is alberto giacometti associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqvlb0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dqvl91	what is the album recorded by the monarch
www.freebase.com/m/02hl41w	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/014qlj	what was the original game title for marble madness
www.freebase.com/m/0f0bj2s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/04cj_j_	In which album is blow featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0jb9rgs	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/098gy	who is john fletcher pershing's child?
www.freebase.com/m/015qgp	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/05zwhvj	who is a person of mestizo ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/02q3wc1	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	What baseball position does jimmy wolf play?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhhr	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nf3h	which county is buckner a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/07x4w	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05bv3	What is an island located in united states minor outlying islands?
www.freebase.com/m/03ffmbh	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what region was caf√© del mar: dreams 4 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/organisms_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/02q8fhx	What's a breed of horses
www.freebase.com/m/02q256h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	What language is spoken in the tv show tokyo friends?
www.freebase.com/m/0y50h90	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/director	www.freebase.com/m/02w4j4	who directed the theater production of hamlet
www.freebase.com/m/03w3gj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f7fggt	which song has mahogany rush created 
www.freebase.com/m/0vxrt7p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m1xv	What format is clement kontra in?
www.freebase.com/m/0923bm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04gb4fx	What kind of organization is post carbon institute?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmhb19	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What is the genre of stars kill rock?
www.freebase.com/m/01lxks	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is thomas tallis's career?
www.freebase.com/m/06tw28	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vp3fq	What is a track by lutricia mcneal?
www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/04d2f9s	Name a notable keyboard player
www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/05s_t_	what lyrics did bob dylan write
www.freebase.com/m/027c_vy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	What kind of school is wilmington high school
www.freebase.com/m/024v95n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lqvf5q	what is a song on poems
www.freebase.com/m/0gk_qly	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	who developed the software internet explorer 10
www.freebase.com/m/034lk7	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/021dwxv	what postal code does staunton, virginia use?
www.freebase.com/m/036zym9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lgm2z7	What's a track recorded for razorbliss
www.freebase.com/m/03j989p	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which region was the release blueprint archive released in
www.freebase.com/m/0b1ht_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02frhbc	where did john didion pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/07kj9gd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	what country created the film nothing personal
www.freebase.com/m/034j_y0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/018mc5z	what song is from the release on fire?
www.freebase.com/m/0288nsm	www.freebase.com/internet/website/status	www.freebase.com/m/02hsn4g	What is the status of the website hotmail
www.freebase.com/m/01q9mlz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02k2kw	who recorded selection of
www.freebase.com/m/0cq1fj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0t7hx	where did c. wesley roberts die
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0w24rtn	what program is an animation?
www.freebase.com/m/0dt1d2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	which genre does the book the sacred art of stealing belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0ds1769	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/049kbtn	What album was stay released with?
www.freebase.com/m/0sq9v	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nsv3	What county does vevay belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04yjlw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/035dk	what country is nasir lamine from?
www.freebase.com/m/03hkp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0d9l0x	what is a hebrew language genre in netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/0265q9t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/040vc4s	what is the profession of james clark ross?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxpptd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014djs	what artist is the album violin concertos (frank peter zimmermann) by?
www.freebase.com/m/08n6lt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03f2w	what is andr√© gumprecht's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/03h3bvs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fwnbw3	what album is fidget house?
www.freebase.com/m/04wb0pr	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what kind of book is i may not get there with you
www.freebase.com/m/0j29k0s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cm27_	Who is the artist that created the album the kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/045618	which album is dance-pop by The Cars
www.freebase.com/m/02z574q	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07kx5k	who was the producer for the film little red flowers 
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrpfy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vyb_0	what is a song featured on europe
www.freebase.com/m/03yyf48	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/period_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/04lx1	What period was portrait of mlle yvonne landsberg created within
www.freebase.com/m/0c9gq	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vzx1k	what is an edition of jonathan livingston seagull 
www.freebase.com/m/0556n7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f485	which city is winfield house based in
www.freebase.com/m/01rc_lp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	Which genre of music is on the album smash
www.freebase.com/m/0rhnxfv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was the film "Think Brilliance" filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02qnvy4	Name a high school
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/087ryt	what's the name of an album
www.freebase.com/m/01r_t_	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/027mgj9	What is the name of a film by kinji fukasaku
www.freebase.com/m/04mf04	www.freebase.com/base/fashionmodels/fashion_model/hair_color	www.freebase.com/m/0294jb	What color is helen svedin's hair?
www.freebase.com/m/03nm0d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	in which northern state is the minneapolis college of art and design
www.freebase.com/m/02bqvs	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/09fxdx_	who was the costume designer for the film cheaper by the dozen?
www.freebase.com/m/0k4lqp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0kpys	where was the death place of norman houston
www.freebase.com/m/045r2gy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what type of book is ice hunt
www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z93lg	Which book is apart of the historical fiction literary genre?
www.freebase.com/m/09gcgd	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/058kr	what ideology does the popular socialist party of mexico identify with
www.freebase.com/m/04j0l8h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what netflix genre is valley of wanted men apart of
www.freebase.com/m/04mfq	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/inflow	www.freebase.com/m/02rv35s	what river fills lake champlain
www.freebase.com/m/0nby2p6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0nm0b2x	what album is the song this is the end from?
www.freebase.com/m/03vhvp	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0nm7w0p	What is one of the tracks produced by the the black keys?
www.freebase.com/m/04nndbl	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/04mw8p5	which movie festival contains art and apathy
www.freebase.com/m/02801gz	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what is the color of yuba college
www.freebase.com/m/02pzb09	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/047kk6	Who's somebody that identifies with the castilian people
www.freebase.com/m/01whdxt	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	which religion does hugo egon balder practice
www.freebase.com/m/0xjn636	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0xbm29s	what released united nations 
www.freebase.com/m/0n4s0w8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	Where was andrew goldberg born?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7517	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which star system is 1490 limpopo in
www.freebase.com/m/03s45d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01l75f	who published the videogame star wars?
www.freebase.com/m/04371y	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kt4wv	What is the temperament of a kangal dog?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtztw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02_nmy	what is the active ingredient in bac hp?
www.freebase.com/m/012njnn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02v3yy	who is the producer of that's what friends are for
www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/0crvw	Who is human?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03cnpn	Who was a politician in Madagascar? 
www.freebase.com/m/03d99pw	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	which religion does suhaila seddiqi practice
www.freebase.com/m/02hlwwg	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/09k0h5	who is the publisher of eureka seven vol.1: new wave
www.freebase.com/m/09gm3jp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	Where is the artist 1000 nicks from?
www.freebase.com/m/03h2lfl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country does s√£o joaquim de bicas lie in
www.freebase.com/m/0h53grf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what celestial body does the (16538) 1991 po12 orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0c42bv0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	What is edward e. smith's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/03xrxl	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/029997	which prominent family is princess christina, mrs. magnuson a member of
www.freebase.com/m/04t3fb9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What was the genre of the book titled the two faces of tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/0zgzm2r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is ken salazar
www.freebase.com/m/038gsm	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0f9r_x	What's an event that took place in new orleans arena
www.freebase.com/m/04bc9p1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fb_1	what city and state is hitching corner contained by
www.freebase.com/m/07vqgg	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0n2299f	who were the children of hadassah lieberman?
www.freebase.com/m/0k2l9km	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	Where is james small originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/03cbnr9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the original language of warrior's refuge
www.freebase.com/m/01wx9sy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Didz Hammond?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhhj94	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0q627b2	what tracks are on bulletproof brass?
www.freebase.com/m/025s00p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xg9y1	What is vega 1?
www.freebase.com/m/055qtk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01t7jy	who is the video game publisher of virtua cop: elite edition?
www.freebase.com/m/0mc10n4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dwwcvl	which release is metaphysics from?
www.freebase.com/m/0vmw7g8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	What type of music is pike 15?
www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01k7hc9	whats the name of a artist whose musical genre is  progressive metal
www.freebase.com/m/067sgqv	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/027m0ff	which character comes out in the book after hours
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06fgpf	what action/adventure film was shown
www.freebase.com/m/02q0vyn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is the gender of g√©rard cooreman male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09kd_p	What is an example of a period piece film?
www.freebase.com/m/0714f8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/071g6	where is hey from?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1d0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027jkdz	Name someone famous who was born in providence, rhode island
www.freebase.com/m/0n9fyb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vpcn5	Who is the artist that created braid the raven hair
www.freebase.com/m/0dy0wyx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	it aint me babe was released in this nation.
www.freebase.com/m/03jkvr	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs5l9	What is the active moiety of formulation for ezetimibe
www.freebase.com/m/01xsxp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rr0_r2	what track was recorded by eugene ormandy?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_gnl	what is the title name of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0_7141z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01l3qrd	who was the composer of turn down the world tonight
www.freebase.com/m/04rs03	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02phblq	what film did mahesh bhatt produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0njn6	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_lyd	what village is located in gratiot county
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0b6kw49	what is a type of rhythm and blues album?
www.freebase.com/m/0gb7pv	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/0g1jf5	What was yellow sky adapted from
www.freebase.com/m/0pmn7	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/09p_60	what airports are near porto?
www.freebase.com/m/05ghxkt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0nn6_	where did henry sandish die?
www.freebase.com/m/0lwff	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jy8t5	who is the author of the the craft movie
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsg16	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the general name for a snore defense medicine that can be purchased legally without a prescription?
www.freebase.com/m/0ck7b5j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country gives eros vlahos nationality
www.freebase.com/m/012t_z	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03v4km	Who was a businessman from the 1900s?
www.freebase.com/m/0smk0hh	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n99b	which artist created a celebration of duke
www.freebase.com/m/0y5gnnj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where was allegra giagu born?
www.freebase.com/m/08gj5c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05ddfmh	what is the name of an episode of endurance
www.freebase.com/m/049sktd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What kind of album is das bootleg: live in mannheim, part 1
www.freebase.com/m/04j29p9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is beyond the call of duty filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0561jd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r62v	where did john ireland die?
www.freebase.com/m/01g8qmd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what is the album content type of vh1: the big 80's, the big movies?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2y13	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02wt0	what is the nationality of r. d. patel
www.freebase.com/m/0614qp	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is steve james's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/014g17	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the biological gender of ernst j√ºnger
www.freebase.com/m/02rnkm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what mode is intelligent qube set up for 
www.freebase.com/m/0wmpvc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05hr9t	who is the artist of fantasia?
www.freebase.com/m/01_05h	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/0dq1ks	What company owns xew-am
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01fk0k5	what is a alternative rock compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0l9k2zq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0r5z4r	what is a track of the planet album
www.freebase.com/m/0h7nhnl	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0jv74	Which entity was involved with battle of tian shan?
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/09g8q5x	Who was a famous person that died from cancer
www.freebase.com/m/026kry2	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	What sort of work does efd do
www.freebase.com/m/0wc5h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0csyv8	what amusement park is found in wassenaar
www.freebase.com/m/0zc39q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lw8ww5	What is a song from mean old world album
www.freebase.com/m/0c73j7	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02jxkw	who was a musician for shes out of control
www.freebase.com/m/0dyl93	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/05ys0x_	Which festival was the cameraman shown at
www.freebase.com/m/0gw58xg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h6k	what's the book tomatoland about
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrctz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03cgrs	what is the active ingredient in the drug desmopressin acetate?
www.freebase.com/m/0lc0nb3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035_tsj	what is a song in the dear john album
www.freebase.com/m/0f1wtn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22cv	what style of film is arya in?
www.freebase.com/m/09xwz	www.freebase.com/award/award_presenting_organization/awards_presented	www.freebase.com/m/0g_w	which company promotes academy of motion picture arts and sciences 
www.freebase.com/m/0w3qvrs	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What country was two worlds, two tomorrows releaesed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0177z	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/local_transportation	www.freebase.com/m/01vffh	which transportation system services brussels?
www.freebase.com/m/04xtlt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0pqzh	Who wrote the tv episode a kind of a stopwatch?
www.freebase.com/m/0n5vkzf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gp5l6	Where was eir aoi born?
www.freebase.com/m/09v45rv	www.freebase.com/education/academic/research_areas	www.freebase.com/m/04gg9_n	What is a research area for maneesh agrawala?
www.freebase.com/m/02_96y	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03b2fm	who died a death from laughter
www.freebase.com/m/0f6dc90	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mgx0yt	what is a track from 20 greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0488trr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	What state is jordan park in?
www.freebase.com/m/0br_b6	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	What did jay gorney do as a professional
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m81	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0bw26s	which netflix independent movies stars mandy moore?
www.freebase.com/m/03qx2	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/029h4j	What building took its name from hephaestus?
www.freebase.com/m/01bkfn	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/geographic_distribution	www.freebase.com/m/05bmq	what is the geographic distribution of himba people
www.freebase.com/m/0dyqf0s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/038pl3	who recorded black hearted woman
www.freebase.com/m/0b2zkz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What type of film is the movie fuck
www.freebase.com/m/0gktxft	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	which country was a woman taxi driver filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/03spz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/080tdd	what city can be found in israel
www.freebase.com/m/04zx9zp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what is the genre of the film buffalo bill, hero of the far west
www.freebase.com/m/02l9t8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	what group of people does catherine ashton belong to
www.freebase.com/m/015h4y	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/032r1	who was alan greenspan influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/075s5y	Name someone who is a male character
www.freebase.com/m/03cv5k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	Which film genre is olympia from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrkr7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is ranitidine hydrochloride?
www.freebase.com/m/03890s_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wft59	what's one of the tracks on the t√∫nel release
www.freebase.com/m/03sk83	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	What genre is bubble boy?
www.freebase.com/m/08z7z_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what type of game is colosseum: road to freedom
www.freebase.com/m/05ngk4b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/05nfz4s	what is the episode before lebron james?
www.freebase.com/m/01kkn3k	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	in what format is love for sale live play
www.freebase.com/m/08s3y4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0947l	which italian city was niccol√≤ castiglioni born
www.freebase.com/m/03203hp	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/03f5spx	who produced moodring
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mwy6k	What's an example of an alternative rock release
www.freebase.com/m/0shngr3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017mf4	who is the singer of a strange romance
www.freebase.com/m/01tgly	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	What was the cause of birendra of nepal's death?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0cm9l1k	Name a military personnel involved in world war ii.
www.freebase.com/m/02k54	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09v18x7	Name a person born in egypt.
www.freebase.com/m/01j1dv8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is after school session
www.freebase.com/m/02s8r8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0bq04r	which fictional characters did brian bolland create?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0516mch	What is the name of a famous painting
www.freebase.com/m/03y306p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which star system is 6912 grimm located in
www.freebase.com/m/01zwytq	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country does the postal code 06050 belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0hn8dpc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/043g7l	What label signed the artist vazquez sounds
www.freebase.com/m/0t2l3t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02ryx0	who recorded bachianas brasileiras no. 5 - aria
www.freebase.com/m/0nsfl	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0ssy7	in which us county is cerro gordo county found 
www.freebase.com/m/0_5zh3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04mn81	what voice coach made the song freak though
www.freebase.com/m/0gtp4j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was john george bowes from 
www.freebase.com/m/02638rr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what position does ed swartwood play in baseball?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fdy63f	what is an album from broadway 
www.freebase.com/m/03rzhs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Which city in France was jean-baptiste boussingault born
www.freebase.com/m/0crwf8s	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was a tale of two kitties released?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlv3y	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	Who developed chase h.q.
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hq8mc	what is an example of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/066pm6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05jbn	which city is aquinas college (tennessee) in 
www.freebase.com/m/0h_j9wl	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/park	www.freebase.com/m/04cj6k	which theme park has the ride its a small world
www.freebase.com/m/025vw54	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language did lisa tuttle speak
www.freebase.com/m/033f8gx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ns_q9	whats the name of a track from the release victoria beckham
www.freebase.com/m/0s928g_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is murat aslan most commonly known for?
www.freebase.com/m/03fz6jt	www.freebase.com/music/album/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/087zrn	What's a song featured on erotica
www.freebase.com/m/03nwxfw	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0g5llry	what belief does david archuleta practice 
www.freebase.com/m/0883rm	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	what is kendra wilkinson's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0cn_9ln	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what types of music is hard times and nursery rhymes
www.freebase.com/m/049kr31	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In which format was bang! released?
www.freebase.com/m/0d76hr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/015v98	Who authored one of ours?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03qnc82	What is the name of someone who is a midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/0dvf45	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	Which position did ty taubenheim play?
www.freebase.com/m/02s60k	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the sex of paul calvert?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgsqk	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/027b0fg	what is a film written by alexandr hackenschmied
www.freebase.com/m/01n3dh_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release did hier encore get?
www.freebase.com/m/047vn_0	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/01t8v7	what was invented by eugene roshal
www.freebase.com/m/0c3zrkl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 12411 tannokayo orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/03j6_3x	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what country is the release worlds collide from
www.freebase.com/m/01pjg7	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/04thp	where country is ruins of st. paul's located in
www.freebase.com/m/01lz4hm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of album is latino love songs?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4hc3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09p_m	What was the subject of the book titled john brown
www.freebase.com/m/0r_f31	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f3mzp	who recorded t for texas?
www.freebase.com/m/0_thg41	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is william l. kraushaar from
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/05z5lc	name a netflix drama.
www.freebase.com/m/0q5b1w6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01rbb	what is the genre for the tv program botines
www.freebase.com/m/0tgwy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	where is lewisburg
www.freebase.com/m/0j_99zs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jyw	where was kaan girgin born
www.freebase.com/m/03f_knb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k3qj	what artist created the album boku wa kuma
www.freebase.com/m/0_76hrv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/012x4t	who composed the song lookin for another pure love?
www.freebase.com/m/011mlqn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/035086x	What was a release of the recording kobe?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_wc48	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	which language is one for the road?
www.freebase.com/m/0xnp1kb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What type of album is the little bit gypsy 
www.freebase.com/m/0f7_6n	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	which start system does 2110 moore-sitterly belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01lz7c6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/085y8x	what album did the appleseed cast create 
www.freebase.com/m/01wd8l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtkyh	what is the active ingredient in isoflurane 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqswdz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0cr8p_	what's the active component of the drug brimonidine tartrate
www.freebase.com/m/03d555l	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_team/conference	www.freebase.com/m/0kdtw	in what conference were the marquette golden eagles mens basketball
www.freebase.com/m/0cfgd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03z2ct3	What's an album from deep purple
www.freebase.com/m/05b1062	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fnb4	where was asit sen born
www.freebase.com/m/02rvndx	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/01ldvs	what river runs under the east haddam bridge
www.freebase.com/m/06bjtm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0w8hnpn	what song is by razed in black
www.freebase.com/m/0r4z1n9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	What is jamie lee thurston's label?
www.freebase.com/m/09xnlm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is vernon tomlin's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02x9mfk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02j62	what kind of book is the end of work
www.freebase.com/m/02fbf6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	What style tv program is 21 jump street?
www.freebase.com/m/02rkkn1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/02vn1bv	What is a name of an episode of the show flight of the conchords
www.freebase.com/m/025zq6w	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what medium was now released as?
www.freebase.com/m/05mys	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dz6lnh	What is a track by the artist oscar peterson
www.freebase.com/m/01wbgy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dssg3x	Name a track by the artist obie trice
www.freebase.com/m/0gh_3w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	in what european country is alzate brianza located
www.freebase.com/m/0ctpz1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What sort of music does still life decay perform
www.freebase.com/m/0bvp6z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	whats the nationality of gabriel agbonlahor
www.freebase.com/m/02634sw	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t3j54	What is a book written by the author steven millhauser
www.freebase.com/m/027yzw3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the hutton township located in
www.freebase.com/m/04f3w5j	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0722qs	what's a popular open world game
www.freebase.com/m/0crtg_2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of film is home invasion
www.freebase.com/m/08mmmq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is drums o' voodoo filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0kv35g	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/082fr	Which country did the film the man who came from ummo come from
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w27_h	what is a mystery book with a knife in its title
www.freebase.com/m/04pqqb	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/027tq7x	Which film did arnon milchan produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0p4l9	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04969nf	What's inside east baton rouge parish, louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/03fkf4f	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is fight the system! in?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h7lx5j	What Pink Floyd album was a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/023361	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bxkr09	what films did jerry goldsmith contribute music to
www.freebase.com/m/032cp31	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was the atlantic years released as
www.freebase.com/m/0gs70_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vgkd	what kind of comdey is not the end of the world
www.freebase.com/m/02rbrd2	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	where is the people before profit alliance located 
www.freebase.com/m/04ptrc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	what city contains the san francisco cable car system
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0jyv0n	Who is someone that died from myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/06qbyv	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02y8th	who created the character iron lantern
www.freebase.com/m/01q_y0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/06xm6dg	what is an episode off will and grace
www.freebase.com/m/0399k7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is rancho texicano
www.freebase.com/m/0bxztx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where did jim boyd pass away
www.freebase.com/m/05zqd88	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is greg toler from
www.freebase.com/m/02hl8wt	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	which publisher worked on the game version catwoman
www.freebase.com/m/023rp4y	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the audio version of contagion
www.freebase.com/m/0ddc4zh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what type of film is massacre in the black forest
www.freebase.com/m/07036p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wlb1	dwayne roloson was born here.
www.freebase.com/m/0dhpxx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is charles meade
www.freebase.com/m/047lfky	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	which european city did john henry tudhope die in
www.freebase.com/m/03h18pz	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/042vdg	what is the religion that romapada swami believes in 
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0263_yn	whats the name of a public school
www.freebase.com/m/01p0pcf	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was alexis korner blues released?
www.freebase.com/m/0rd6b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03hg4z6	Who was born in greenwich?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmfn3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language was gentlemen marry brunettes released in
www.freebase.com/m/04jjf29	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dphjk	what was the name of the town morten j√∏rgensen was born in
www.freebase.com/m/0brb_m	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what notable type is biagio marin
www.freebase.com/m/037ltr7	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What medium was lord herbert of cherbury's lute book released on
www.freebase.com/m/05nsj_d	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/06rfy5	which company developed the videogame nhl 08?
www.freebase.com/m/04rd_8	www.freebase.com/medicine/physician/medical_specialty	www.freebase.com/m/01wdp4	what is max gerson's medical specialty 
www.freebase.com/m/05b6q0n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre of music is yael yuzon
www.freebase.com/m/07771l	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	does carlos alomar play guitar or drums
www.freebase.com/m/01l2104	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l2117	who was the artist behind walking into everywhere (disc 2)
www.freebase.com/m/01wdwz8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/017tqn0	what is a song by hector?
www.freebase.com/m/0b86mf	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/013wqq	what's one of the subjects of fahrenheit 451
www.freebase.com/m/0dps9k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07t90	where did edmond s. meany die
www.freebase.com/m/04j16wx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what's a good description of texas buddies
www.freebase.com/m/02qhnjr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/042w1f	Where was gracinha leporace born
www.freebase.com/m/047ftg1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	what type of show is window on main street
www.freebase.com/m/0510p2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0314n4	Where was john lloyd born
www.freebase.com/m/04wcn0m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02pt7t8	who was the author of finding common ground
www.freebase.com/m/0mwm8w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05ft3	Who is the artist from  somethin' stupid
www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h7m17m	which football player was born in scotland
www.freebase.com/m/0f049p_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/01bg_gj	what is the canonical version of president (iamx accident mix)
www.freebase.com/m/06f841	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0193f	how would you describe leeroy thornhill's music
www.freebase.com/m/0crxs8m	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what is the netflix genre of little indiscretions
www.freebase.com/m/0nh6q	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0wcxj	What is the name of a city located in pine county?
www.freebase.com/m/02qsqmc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	in which asian country is tv patrol northwestern mindanao played
www.freebase.com/m/02pqc_h	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of mating call?
www.freebase.com/m/03qqx_6	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	woman with pears is done with what kind of media 
www.freebase.com/m/03hjzw6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	Which genre of music is made by siniestro total
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/0h0bb5	who practiced boxing
www.freebase.com/m/019qk5	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_k6wp8	What is a composition by martin hannett?
www.freebase.com/m/036pmm5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wffwq	which track contains basta
www.freebase.com/m/06c1nt	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07gql	What instruments does tim lambesis play?
www.freebase.com/m/04f_pqf	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01qm7	what is the type of school of whatcom community college
www.freebase.com/m/017ny7h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hqgp	which artist created the recording  hungarian rhapsody no. 2
www.freebase.com/m/03jh3bp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is the blue note recordings
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/05p_3j	what are some song names
www.freebase.com/m/04w7m6_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of book is afraid to death
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrb7l	What is the name of a drug formulation?
www.freebase.com/m/09mpgm	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what kind of school is william howard taft high school?
www.freebase.com/m/07kcx55	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01vttb9	Who wrote the soundtrack for welcome home?
www.freebase.com/m/0chp4r	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was wyandotte born
www.freebase.com/m/01kptz3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the further adventures of lord quas
www.freebase.com/m/0drp20x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0drp260	what track is from the release the no.1 rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/09zv8	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/018my	What game was held at yankee stadium
www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0c7v2c	what is an anime action tv program 
www.freebase.com/m/04w8cbn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03082	what type of written work is algonquin legends?
www.freebase.com/m/0421pxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	where was leonel kaplan born?
www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/058f6f0	Name a person born in Boston. 
www.freebase.com/m/0c009_h	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is spoken in the movie golimaar
www.freebase.com/m/0bzxkj	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_j1p01	What is one of dan donovan's compositions?
www.freebase.com/m/04wchpk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	what topic is covered in tapping the source 
www.freebase.com/m/01bbd2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the parallax view
www.freebase.com/m/03_1s2b	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m519vf	what is a track of the the best country album in the world... ever! album
www.freebase.com/m/048whl6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains jamestown
www.freebase.com/m/0gjft9	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is villa dalm√® located?
www.freebase.com/m/01y03x	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/0jwv8nb	who was creator of the show family matters
www.freebase.com/m/05pcjqz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is henry wilde a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/03cbpxq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Where can the booth be found on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0m9pl81	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dr7rln	On what release can hard times be heard?
www.freebase.com/m/0dq1p9	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0q22l92	who is a character in the book after the first death
www.freebase.com/m/025fh	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/story_specific_appearances	www.freebase.com/m/0gyl8f_	what comic book series does professor x appear in
www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0779g3	what film was of the subject of politics
www.freebase.com/m/0s7whp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lmzfv1	what song is maybe it‚Äôs you a recorded version of?
www.freebase.com/m/047t74m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	In which city did ludwig von wallmoden-gimborn die?
www.freebase.com/m/04zynfb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is teh gender of eriks ƒÄdamsons?
www.freebase.com/m/03wb4r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is mack bolan
www.freebase.com/m/02hm747	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/066kp	what platform is the game  state of emergency played on
www.freebase.com/m/0dm00	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/03gvk5t	what is the name of a sketch comedy on HBO
www.freebase.com/m/03d7z5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of peter berngardovich struve?
www.freebase.com/m/03d77wd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was robyn tomlin born
www.freebase.com/m/0ck6m8p	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/064016d	what is a movie written by amy andelson
www.freebase.com/m/0gkt7cl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	which country released kim hie-gab's confession of youth 
www.freebase.com/m/07h1p91	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what kind of binding does the second book of moses, called exodus come in?
www.freebase.com/m/01bckpq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01b528	Who recorded deep purple?
www.freebase.com/m/03h2qqs	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/048lb4	Ellen Kuras collaborated on these 3 short films.
www.freebase.com/m/0gc0zb5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is evelyn beresford's nation of origin
www.freebase.com/m/0h3rb4c	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what is the star system of (24795) 1994 ac17
www.freebase.com/m/01mw2x	www.freebase.com/user/micahsaul/advertising/advertised_thing/ad_campaigns	www.freebase.com/m/0ztq_0_	What's an ad campaign focused on health care
www.freebase.com/m/0ksvc0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of pauline bush
www.freebase.com/m/0bhssk	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is yukari tanizaki
www.freebase.com/m/0gys71y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xrzh	where did nathan barnert die?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlfbcn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01d47y	who composed perfect blue buildings
www.freebase.com/m/0cyhq	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/022y08	what is a book by irving berlin
www.freebase.com/m/0l15n	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0806l13	Which film did john g. avildsen direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0sghg18	what is a contemporary christian music album?
www.freebase.com/m/097ns	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01_8d8	who died from cirrhosis?
www.freebase.com/m/04klm1y	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/023yjf	which skin diseases are caused by a fungus?
www.freebase.com/m/02rj_fr	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0d0yp	what battle did william f. draper participate in 
www.freebase.com/m/0b6yh4p	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0fj47w	Who directed the film hot and bothered
www.freebase.com/m/01mw3h2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mw3k8	Name the artist of the album lord of the past
www.freebase.com/m/03j0kbn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	What label is sally anthony associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/017xhm	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/027m7tr	what mountains are located within white mountains?
www.freebase.com/m/09p1xr	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/019fh	what city and state is delaware park‚Äìfront park system in
www.freebase.com/m/0czcb9	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/body_of_water_spanned	www.freebase.com/m/05lx3	what river does the neville island bridge corss
www.freebase.com/m/0b6d_kn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Where is free polish university located?
www.freebase.com/m/0683wk	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	what position does rohan marley play 
www.freebase.com/m/04n3rh5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	what kind of music is 4?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1tgy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m81	What type of film is down in the valley titled as in Netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/05ksqf	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/non_profit_extra/classification	www.freebase.com/m/0ppd72_	what kind of visual art takes place at the great lakes theater festival
www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/02rysfh	What is the name of a star
www.freebase.com/m/05yx_g	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is alfredo descragnolle taunay known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/0c026qy	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/065ky	what mountain range is rod√≥ de canalbona from
www.freebase.com/m/01nvqxr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	what is the label of redhead kingpin & the fbi?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxmp0m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what kind of substance is trimethoprim hydrochloride 10 solution
www.freebase.com/m/03ff_b9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dnwslm	what is a track from houston hard hitters, volume 4: skrewed & chopped
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jgmzs	Which compilation album was released in 1990?
www.freebase.com/m/01j16tw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	the album democracy  was what musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/0bwksjj	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/armed_force	www.freebase.com/m/01_bmf	which military force is 42nd ohio infantry a part of
www.freebase.com/m/013y1f	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0h6lnb	Who plays the organ (music)?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtbg2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vgkd	which genre of film is the holy child
www.freebase.com/m/03t5rn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the nature of things in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdm2_5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dlfdp	Where was michael schweigh√∂fer born?
www.freebase.com/m/018hlv	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/included_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/038cy	what group includes flemish people
www.freebase.com/m/0c2hp	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/051x8	who was the parent of commodus
www.freebase.com/m/06spm9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r2gx	Where did roy m. davenport die?
www.freebase.com/m/05d1dy	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ffknk	which 2004 comedy film did don mckellar directed?
www.freebase.com/m/0jbcz	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/0fty16	Name an island in the Belcher Islands group?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_y6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/01lmkt	What's an ingredient present in glumetza
www.freebase.com/m/0kymywz	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0wxp	What video game platform was ghostbusters released on?
www.freebase.com/m/08fckg	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	what is  paul giel position  
www.freebase.com/m/0r5dfcr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	what country is oksana buraja from
www.freebase.com/m/02x8n6t	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0gdk0	what is a neighborhood of hilltop green
www.freebase.com/m/080cndr	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position is viktor antikhovich
www.freebase.com/m/07p160	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05mfhj	what film did joe carnahan write 
www.freebase.com/m/07css4	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0cv227	who is the publisher of total carnage
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03md2pm	Who is a famous actor during the silent film era?
www.freebase.com/m/04nm0j5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq229b	what kind of movie is the netflix movie parc
www.freebase.com/m/04v86ny	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03f_0g	Who is the author editor of cold mountain
www.freebase.com/m/02qfl3h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is howard komives's gender
www.freebase.com/m/05mvxkx	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01spm	which religion did william furneaux belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02w0044	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of film is "The Dark Side of the Sun"?
www.freebase.com/m/075x5v	www.freebase.com/computer/software_genre/software_in_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qc7c	what is an example of aggregator software?
www.freebase.com/m/0nh0w3n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0nh0wlh	what is a track of the island
www.freebase.com/m/0d5kyd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of alain joly?
www.freebase.com/m/03g0mlr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	In what format was strange birds released to the public?
www.freebase.com/m/05lhnz	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/055txb	who was the cinematographer for elizabethtown (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0234j5	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/054_mz	who produced jackie brown (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0708_b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c1d0	what is sylvia poggiolis place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/01l9vh3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0g824	who is the singer of the diary of alicia keys album
www.freebase.com/m/0403d3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	i'm afraid of americans is under what genre 
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/07kcs1t	Name a military regiment served by the Union during the Civil War?
www.freebase.com/m/0jztw0	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/037dfm	Which film did eleanore griffin contribute film story to
www.freebase.com/m/0599my	www.freebase.com/base/peleton/cycling_organization_membership/cycling_teams_of_this_rank	www.freebase.com/m/03cqg5	what's a team that participates in the uci protour
www.freebase.com/m/01fk5l1	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is white sands
www.freebase.com/m/0_hxvvx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	in what form was the composition cabaret released
www.freebase.com/m/043s84_	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/04sj3	where is marojejy national park located
www.freebase.com/m/0q5s83_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bpk2	Name the German musical group that composed the independent years 2009 compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0jxhh0n	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is antacid 500 chewable tablet available?
www.freebase.com/m/0dz93n	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gby7q	What is the content of bloodhound gang?
www.freebase.com/m/01v42wz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	does crawler play blues-rock or classical
www.freebase.com/m/076zpm4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	which country does dany saadia belong to 
www.freebase.com/m/0r785	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/0d4drp	which airport is near santa rosa, california
www.freebase.com/m/01xtjk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ksh	Where was allan rock born
www.freebase.com/m/0fw2fdc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q7d33	which musician recorded the prince
www.freebase.com/m/0182yx	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04zmx2	what is the coloring of the breed shetland sheepdog?
www.freebase.com/m/0fx74l	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What type of gameplay is available in nba jam 99
www.freebase.com/m/07m9kmd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07m9kmm	What was an episode of sit down comedy - season 2
www.freebase.com/m/0d10d	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/06zf0	what is largemouth bass
www.freebase.com/m/01lw5tz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What genre is scream
www.freebase.com/m/0wl4v	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ng_d	what county and state is  holloway from
www.freebase.com/m/01svy7r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01c133k	whats a track that  veil of ashes created
www.freebase.com/m/03h3hm3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04cjn	What city is government college of technology in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bnl75	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	what is max merkel's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpdw9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is requiem?
www.freebase.com/m/01g10s	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0dqhd	which dialect does the chippewa cree speak?
www.freebase.com/m/04k94	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsz3c	What's a hydrogen peroxide formula available in liquid
www.freebase.com/m/0x7xzt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/013qvn	What artist recorded houston
www.freebase.com/m/01k7gl2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	what genre is empire considered
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06ld3	Name a person born in chicago.
www.freebase.com/m/01rwnk	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	What kind of diet is a scallop compatible with?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0m0f	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0k0w	What language family includes the russia buriat language
www.freebase.com/m/01bd01r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03dpf	which musician recorded the mikado: a wand'ring minstrel i
www.freebase.com/m/0264rtg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	what kind of school is boston university brussels
www.freebase.com/m/03f3d22	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre does the artist unsraw perform in
www.freebase.com/m/0406pyt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	Which state is oskaloosa township located in
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05syzgn	what is a silent film from 1927
www.freebase.com/m/01vty	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t15v_	What is the name of a book that focuses on civilization
www.freebase.com/m/0jxrrvt	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0dlhn8	who is the manufacturer of azithromycin dihydrate 600 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02q1p97	who was an american football player who played for the tennessee oilers?
www.freebase.com/m/0x27c6z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01vsb_	where is 448-547 located?
www.freebase.com/m/01c1px	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0jb3n6k	What is the name of a film that friz freleng directed?
www.freebase.com/m/04cxzbd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is paul gratzik from
www.freebase.com/m/0j__x_4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what object does (12201) 1981 ed12 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/04wb_1n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0gkyyb	Who wrote the windwalkers?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxgmz1	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what content type is scream (feat. keri hilson & nicole scherzinger)?
www.freebase.com/m/0586jd	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position is gregg berhalter charged of 
www.freebase.com/m/04cyd8s	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what type of film is a broadway scandal
www.freebase.com/m/0m3qw_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/067pmn	who produced the recording blood and fire
www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04n5y0l	what is the name of a first baseman in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0crtvf2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	what's a netflix specific genre for earthscapes
www.freebase.com/m/01hkscw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01d17dr	What's a track from year of the dog... again
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crx41v	what's a movie in the india netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/0gdvw8y	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	Where was mr music hits 1992-5 released
www.freebase.com/m/03_fkp	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_stop/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/02bg9w	What is the transit line for the stop haymarket?
www.freebase.com/m/01lkcgd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what type of music can be found on the music album non homologu√©
www.freebase.com/m/0pd5gt_	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fbg09	which film did henry mueller work on as a cinematographer
www.freebase.com/m/01fym9q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is bad channels
www.freebase.com/m/049nq	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w0d8	which towns are located in the kingdom of the netherlands?
www.freebase.com/m/08rxmv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is christopher robinson a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsm6q	What's a marketed formulation of menthol
www.freebase.com/m/0g0dcb9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0vy1gws	What is a track featured on the album doesn't play well with others
www.freebase.com/m/0m_ww3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is free
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsx5f	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	what's the active ingredient of isaknox suncare 365 advanced sun
www.freebase.com/m/02755ny	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what kind of movie is transported
www.freebase.com/m/02r83ft	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	What is the country of origin of the show tok! tok! tok! isang milyon pasok!
www.freebase.com/m/03c3mt6	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fpr86	what is the release track on twilight
www.freebase.com/m/02plbjm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was malouf abraham, sr. born to
www.freebase.com/m/035rvs8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lb4mjw	What is a track from the essential tracks list
www.freebase.com/m/0jlv5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is zhang ziyi female or male
www.freebase.com/m/0mfb82y	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f2dlg0	what release is murder on 
www.freebase.com/m/012tpwc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033z4hf	which group released and then there were none
www.freebase.com/m/03czds5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	What genre is the book circle of friends?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmjxrl	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/03lrc	what county is sandy balls near?
www.freebase.com/m/02k9dj4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	Where did ellen lundstr√∂m die
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/024mwmh	what album did thad jones release in 1957?
www.freebase.com/m/0521_5f	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country filmed passing shadows
www.freebase.com/m/0crrv7k	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0215n	which netflix genre is being brave with benjamin bear
www.freebase.com/m/0crrqvz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what netflix genre is coming distractions?
www.freebase.com/m/0npf8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0492nr7	What is the name of a city in ness county
www.freebase.com/m/01f62	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cgzjtf	Who is a notable figure that was born in barcelona
www.freebase.com/m/02pn0f0	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0y6p5rs	what films have been produced by jun lana?
www.freebase.com/m/0gktxtj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kinds of movie is hostess miss ko
www.freebase.com/m/02vqq1f	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What is sandy herd's position?
www.freebase.com/m/0g09tg	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	what kind of mountain is  chiles
www.freebase.com/m/0285dg8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	Where was gunnar johansen born in Denmark?
www.freebase.com/m/0r4h3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	where in the us is fontana located
www.freebase.com/m/025xcdj	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/046_v	who was the creator of the fictional character  doctor faustus
www.freebase.com/m/0f_b42v	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	what type of release is hypnotize?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvzg	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0b_6ds	what's a college sporting event that took place in oklahoma city
www.freebase.com/m/0dshw5z	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hqgp	Name a composer in the album, "The Great Composers IV".
www.freebase.com/m/0_d3jh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07kllz	What artist recorded colors
www.freebase.com/m/03y3tdm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what celestial object is 2974 holden
www.freebase.com/m/060__7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/060__y	what is the film genre for snow falling on cedars?
www.freebase.com/m/0695_d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is lucille clifton?
