www.freebase.com/m/0f3xg_	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0cqt90	Who was the trump ocean club international hotel and tower named after
www.freebase.com/m/07f3jg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0565d	where was sasha vujačić born
www.freebase.com/m/031j8nn	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is a region that dead combo was released in
www.freebase.com/m/0c1cyhd	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0wxsz5y	What is a film directed by wiebke von carolsfeld?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvhc0g	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was music for stock exchange  released in
www.freebase.com/m/02wcf0f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is adler school of professional psychology located?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1mfxz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01m1_t	where was john miltern born
www.freebase.com/m/02ws83	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/080h2	what city is vancouver millionaires from?
www.freebase.com/m/02p_vkx	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	What was Seymour Parker Gilbert's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0k0057k	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (12385) 1994 uo orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0t_5kfn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/011hdn	who is the singer of only women bleed
www.freebase.com/m/044bvt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0n5n1	in what french city did antoine de févin die 
www.freebase.com/m/04hr4_v	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0dwcl	Who published rama
www.freebase.com/m/03yzb	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisors	www.freebase.com/m/0k216	Who was an advisor for irving langmuir?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkrfmk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the film bon voyage?
www.freebase.com/m/01px0j	www.freebase.com/people/family/country	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	Which country was the hunyadi family from
www.freebase.com/m/029j_m	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0x1vt	what major cities does u.s. route 2 run through
www.freebase.com/m/0yc77qn	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0d4mrj	Who was a child of mithibai jinnah
www.freebase.com/m/0nndnv_	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0g224jv	whats a version of the single titled  star
www.freebase.com/m/02ydh8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fwvzwn	what is a song by john rutter?
www.freebase.com/m/02k7h7	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What job does jamie hewlett have
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0frtfn5	What's an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/0zvwcn5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0fw_qg3	which recordings contains the composition australia?
www.freebase.com/m/04f0hnj	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/045c85	what is the film tempo di uccidere about
www.freebase.com/m/0b1xf4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what country is ghost house from
www.freebase.com/m/0gyntb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was the yamakinkarudu movie produced
www.freebase.com/m/06qtn	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0l6n5	What's the time zone in sub-saharan africa
www.freebase.com/m/03qf12s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0n8cg	what author wrote the book Liquor?
www.freebase.com/m/0fsn5x_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14fq	what is the release type of the album wake?
www.freebase.com/m/02y49	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02wvsl2	who is the chid of fritz leiber?
www.freebase.com/m/01nd9f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/06_j6x	what artist creates riot grrrl music
www.freebase.com/m/0bp373	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is rafael sorkin from
www.freebase.com/m/026phqq	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	What was marcy rae's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0494vp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the invaders?
www.freebase.com/m/0177cnm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02qsjt	which artist recorded srv shuffle
www.freebase.com/m/01s3kv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03dzsv	Where was fran drescher born
www.freebase.com/m/0crfbll	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what music genre is lonely revolutions
www.freebase.com/m/01nq2x3	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c09_nl	Souad Massi was the music contributor for which film?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0drnk0	What is the name of a title found under the thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/04v7kz6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/02tjsj	what is a book from the ethan frome series 
www.freebase.com/m/0pc47fb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	where is look from?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7nczb	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t6lp	Who is the producer on evangelion: 3.0 you can (not) redo?
www.freebase.com/m/037m3vb	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what medium was smooth 'n swingin' released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02vvz00	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_ssl	What was bill hosket, jr.'s position 
www.freebase.com/m/0jsxpn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0m32h	what did oscar saul die from
www.freebase.com/m/0731yc	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mf0	what industry does critical software operate in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtxt9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	what is the active ingredient in titanium dioxide 0.223 cream
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrlp6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	what is the active ingredient moiety in fast freeze
www.freebase.com/m/06_7rph	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/0l8xx	what did sheldon breiner invent
www.freebase.com/m/047d2mm	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03x_gk5	what entity was involved in the  roman–parthian war of 58–63
www.freebase.com/m/0fhg_23	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0f5pf_2	what is the name for meccas canonical version
www.freebase.com/m/03qmtmg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country in north america released the film  third man out
www.freebase.com/m/0bp9kx6	www.freebase.com/base/skosbase/skos_concept/narrower	www.freebase.com/m/0bp2pvf	what system is used for electric power distribution
www.freebase.com/m/05rrtf	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0dgt4t	what is a live action action comedy film produce by spyglass entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/0h1bnl8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	Which genre is teri meri kahaani under
www.freebase.com/m/01mqy7q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What is the genre of the artists weird war?
www.freebase.com/m/090s_0	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/03_dj	who wrote gulliver's travels
www.freebase.com/m/06qt_8	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/056k2l	what's the name of a founder of ndtv
www.freebase.com/m/01bc3kk	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is  i miss you
www.freebase.com/m/0k211z0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is  irwin pizor
www.freebase.com/m/0m7317g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/049mb95	what album was the song greenland featured on 
www.freebase.com/m/02y__md	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xkyn	which city was eric s. rosengren born in 
www.freebase.com/m/03m5k	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/variation	www.freebase.com/m/0csbd8	What type of harp is traditionally found in ireland
www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_vehicle/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/052t43j	Name a bus transit line.
www.freebase.com/m/02qpjw4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq229h	What type of film is bidaai
www.freebase.com/m/03y0pzy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	where was 8596 alchata discovered
www.freebase.com/m/04f70hh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_mechanism_of_action/drugs_with_this_mechanism_of_action	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxc1v	What is the chemical compound of a alpha blocker drug?
www.freebase.com/m/0x1csxp	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0xcwcfm	what is a track from dirty love
www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	www.freebase.com/computer/software_developer/software	www.freebase.com/m/0d16fz	What's a piece of software made by the microsoft corporation
www.freebase.com/m/0gtxss8	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/065ky	what mountain range does the mountain bisaurin belong to
www.freebase.com/m/026d8mx	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is Grybów located in?
www.freebase.com/m/098j5p7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What track is featured on the salisbury release
www.freebase.com/m/05c2kh8	www.freebase.com/film/film_series/films_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/05c26ss	what's the full title of the third madagascar movie
www.freebase.com/m/05lvs	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/025dh7	who was oort cloud named after
www.freebase.com/m/0gfh4v	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/02j7k	where does the water in the canche come from
www.freebase.com/m/01q8pj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02wgfrn	how did sandy denny die
www.freebase.com/m/01q804d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	what is the origin of the artist william hung
www.freebase.com/m/076y7xl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01mk6	what is peter hlinka's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0zhwd1v	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01wzkd9	What composer created?
www.freebase.com/m/0cv0d	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0fttg	Which city in Alabama was named after richard montgomery
www.freebase.com/m/03j7fs3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dn599_	what track is on minutes to midnight
www.freebase.com/m/0g8br_z	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was the fame monster  done in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqk6qg	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01rm4t	who is the manufacturer of the drug prevacid 30 delayed release capsule?
www.freebase.com/m/09vnw_k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is  the frame-up
www.freebase.com/m/02kvl2q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/0h9c	what's a more general name for a planetary scientist
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0191n	which film is in the genre thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/0s3rn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvvw	what country is ivesdale a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0ns5ryx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nm3r3y	which release was reading on
www.freebase.com/m/0gnpg2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kpg4	What region is oratino located in?
www.freebase.com/m/07b55t	www.freebase.com/book/literary_series/author_s	www.freebase.com/m/0d5877	Who is the author from the dresden files
www.freebase.com/m/0wykn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	What US state contains clyde
www.freebase.com/m/0d48n9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was robert harris (painter) born
www.freebase.com/m/0480bx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is lamont in 
www.freebase.com/m/04glx7d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	Where is friedrich block?
www.freebase.com/m/06fyp_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what is the genre of the book the story of the amulet
www.freebase.com/m/0j_9xt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which country was goga kapoor born in
www.freebase.com/m/0qz9_50	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What profession does Liz Toonkel have?
www.freebase.com/m/02w9ycr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what disease claimed the life of fern emmett
www.freebase.com/m/0dp73l0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_986f	what is a track from the release cobra: studio version
www.freebase.com/m/0_wm_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0vx4bm8	name an actor born in murfreesboro
www.freebase.com/m/0342h	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01rwcgb	who is an indian musician who plays guitar 
www.freebase.com/m/0ccd8s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/024x58	who wrote the book the silence of the lambs
www.freebase.com/m/058t2d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	what is helena christensen's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02zf25	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	of what nationality is harald bohr
www.freebase.com/m/04w7810	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02c95d	what is black fire about?
www.freebase.com/m/0766kdc	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/02rnmb	What is a color associated with paul w bryant high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf2ms	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/01ft5b	What is the lower grade that is taught at the douglas annex
www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/059vkh	what is a game published by namco
www.freebase.com/m/03m9zc3	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	Who's a linebacker
www.freebase.com/m/02rncz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/033th	What type of game is half-life 2?
www.freebase.com/m/04ybpy0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What Netflix genre can you expect to find forbidden floor in?
www.freebase.com/m/03c3yh6	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	does david gottesman follow judaism or buddhism 
www.freebase.com/m/072192	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What kind of motion picture is a place in the sun
www.freebase.com/m/03g22tr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was the album ellen allien remix collection released?
www.freebase.com/m/0b77lg8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is medford bryan evans from
www.freebase.com/m/0nk1p	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/09rv3s1	who is an artist that makes symbolism?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0bg9l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0zhxbl	The recording star is an adaptation of which song?
www.freebase.com/m/019gzbd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0w3chtx	what is the name of a track from roll over beethoven
www.freebase.com/m/0285272	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02z28fs	who is steve whan's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/01w9sqk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	what is bink!'s profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0np6j6x	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album was homeplanet
www.freebase.com/m/0zx5yph	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01c6dg	who wrote the composition soon
www.freebase.com/m/0fsyx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_yrdk	What is a song by the cure?
www.freebase.com/m/01rhgwn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01104pc	what is a song from the arms of someone new?
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04qr2k	What's a science fiction movie featuring godzilla
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gfjdqj	what is a type of fantasy?
www.freebase.com/m/03wdjs1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which language is spoken in gautam govinda
www.freebase.com/m/0_dvrcd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01682d	what artist is responsible for 40 - live in london
www.freebase.com/m/058b_q	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Where is 374 burgundia in the universe 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0rhnpl8	what is a film in the genre drama
www.freebase.com/m/0bycy1c	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is peter schrøder's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05zr99y	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0267x9y	Who wrote the film the family friend?
www.freebase.com/m/04t6sm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	in which country is the town of maybole located
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0c3_j71	which asteroid was names after an italian geologist?
www.freebase.com/m/09z1kgb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	where was andy signore born?
www.freebase.com/m/0ng5y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b2yzv	what city is in marion county
www.freebase.com/m/0vdkw47	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	what style if music is silver wilkinson released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0d5fq	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/0282x15	what airport is near savonlinna
www.freebase.com/m/04968w9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p4hp	wher is tally ho
www.freebase.com/m/0gzh3v	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What area is served by the broadcast classic vinyl?
www.freebase.com/m/0165gc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03z30k6	what is an album by shawn mullins 
www.freebase.com/m/0521b9j	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does hamza Çakır have in football
www.freebase.com/m/0gr06v	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	in what time zone is bidonì located
www.freebase.com/m/02zrzg	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/018jz	Which sport does the staten island yankees play
www.freebase.com/m/04b6lvn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	what US state is mintz within
www.freebase.com/m/0gmg6lv	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what kind of game is assassins creed: revelations
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02z11j5	who was a military personnel involved in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/01xy5l_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0z7x556	What is the name of your favorite graphic designer?
www.freebase.com/m/09969p	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what martial art does james figg do
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpyhp	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is rythmol 150 film coated tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/0qdjt4r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	what genre is the album mabruk?
www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	www.freebase.com/exhibitions/exhibition_subject/exhibitions_created_about_this_subject	www.freebase.com/m/04sxn1m	which exhibition was created on the subject of islam
www.freebase.com/m/0kp9z08	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	What is nicholas zakharenko's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04nvp6b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/026545k	What is the subject of american elk?
www.freebase.com/m/063_93d	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	which language is used throughout the film  high school musical: el desafío
www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01mn0z_	What's an instrumental rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/09gf_l1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0clv1x	Which artist made home grown studio sessions
www.freebase.com/m/08433	www.freebase.com/book/author/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/014nhw	what group was created by william s. burroughs
www.freebase.com/m/03sc8	www.freebase.com/computer/computer_manufacturer_brand/computer_models	www.freebase.com/m/077yk	what is a model made by ibm?
www.freebase.com/m/03bx12l	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01kqk3	who was merari's father 
www.freebase.com/m/02px663	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is Anne Salmond's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/034mmg_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0194hg_	Name a track off of beyond good & evil
www.freebase.com/m/04t0rmm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What genre is the book dr. jekyll and mr. holmes
www.freebase.com/m/024vlq2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l6tt4z	what is a track from tamara
www.freebase.com/m/06cks7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0m38x	what was the place of birth of william des vœux
www.freebase.com/m/04j2p8y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country produced the film the haunting passion
www.freebase.com/m/04fmg5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is william wall's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kfb0j6	what are documentary films?
www.freebase.com/m/014mvy	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/vocal_range	www.freebase.com/m/0j871	What vocal range is ville valo
www.freebase.com/m/06clw8	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	what kind of book is a haunted house and other short stories?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvn70	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	Name the profession of peter heller
www.freebase.com/m/024h0gd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0pmw9	who recorded the song foggy mountain breakdown?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjk1d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kinds of movie is dead man walking in netlix
www.freebase.com/m/0g0dy6	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0f1rdw	who directed robin hood
www.freebase.com/m/08mq7c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Which european city was claudin de sermisy when they die
www.freebase.com/m/04093	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/03whrbb	What is a book by jules verne?
www.freebase.com/m/0p7735k	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02v72_	Who is a child of james william van der beek
www.freebase.com/m/0j9bm_3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of Daniel Gilfether?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6v53b	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what would be a music spin with the topic of hawkeye
www.freebase.com/m/02tckq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01n7	what is svaneti
www.freebase.com/m/04wdq_z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/08w3cm	Who authored the marshal makes his report?
www.freebase.com/m/02l5__	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/021g96	which publisher published  battlecruiser 3000ad
www.freebase.com/m/09r8zj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016_nr	what type of music is on the album phenomenon
www.freebase.com/m/03y7jc	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/imprints	www.freebase.com/m/03tg_6	what imprints has simon and schuster created
www.freebase.com/m/0643t	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hm7d3	what is a game played on a personal computer?
www.freebase.com/m/03flhgg	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	Name a format in which luminitza was released.
www.freebase.com/m/0zm23r3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03f0fnk	Who wrote vicious circle?
www.freebase.com/m/03wbdp8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is a 8833 acer
www.freebase.com/m/0dnl20b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dpmjt6	Which album is hollywood on, by Blues Company
www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0lrr8	who was involved in american revolutionary war?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjr5vp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is punk rock rarities a album or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/06d4h	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0kv6p1	what is a film about racism?
www.freebase.com/m/0_0m6k	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0nlx5l2	What is a version of the single free?
www.freebase.com/m/03zkd0r	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	where was absolute music 50 released 
www.freebase.com/m/0dj9wj5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	Netflix lists hell raiders as what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02vvp36	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is cuba crossing from?
www.freebase.com/m/06jw5n	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05ynlb	who are dan abrams's parents
www.freebase.com/m/09739x	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what type of game is the grandest fleet
www.freebase.com/m/0f1095	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/0f67f	what area does wmjc radio station play for
www.freebase.com/m/0dz_byg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0md42tc	What is a song from rhythm trax, volume iv?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_9_v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the film laser moon from?
www.freebase.com/m/019qx	www.freebase.com/computer/software_developer/software	www.freebase.com/m/085wyw	what software did  borland develop
www.freebase.com/m/09gg50x	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cplz	who is the performer of this is my life
www.freebase.com/m/08l257	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0kv3skx	Who is the daughter of kim richards?
www.freebase.com/m/0d41gh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0gp5ks	Where is yoko kumada from 
www.freebase.com/m/0447h7	www.freebase.com/sports/professional_sports_team/owner_s	www.freebase.com/m/06dv3	Who owns the south sydney rabbitohs
www.freebase.com/m/01587q	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/02l_nw	what did timothy hackworth invent 
www.freebase.com/m/01qhzks	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018vh_q	what song is by u.n.p.o.c.
www.freebase.com/m/07k7hzq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	which country is timur zangiyev from 
www.freebase.com/m/0c00djh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09bkv	which city was helen grant born in 
www.freebase.com/m/03bmgp	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what kind of book is the sheltering sky
www.freebase.com/m/0fg5pnt	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was nude dimensions, volume 2 released?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_pl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0nb1s	Where was anna pavlova buried after death
www.freebase.com/m/0g7yfj_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was the london chuck berry sessions released in
www.freebase.com/m/05nrqz9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	which company published nascar 09
www.freebase.com/m/03h2wrb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is nadine njeim
www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01qfyv5	who is singer-songwriter
www.freebase.com/m/01jcl1n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What type of music is featured on sweet oblivion
www.freebase.com/m/04yq6tz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	What country is the subject of the anglo files: a field guide to the british
www.freebase.com/m/034bxn	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/047vsmj	Where was magnum force filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_h54	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	which position does pop snyder play
www.freebase.com/m/02w31_k	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01bm26	what faith does kuopio cathedral follow
www.freebase.com/m/011_9k	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0hz28	which business operation does artscroll fall under
www.freebase.com/m/05ccgcy	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the artform of portrait of rachel ruysch
www.freebase.com/m/05jm7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/014ps4	Who was English author neil gaiman influenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffh2p	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/020mgv	what purpose does mrap have
www.freebase.com/m/03y79nh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is  9297 marchuk
www.freebase.com/m/026dkrk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/seasons	www.freebase.com/m/051z2lj	what is a season of bigg boss (indian tv series)
www.freebase.com/m/01kfcf	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0gbh1d	What was named for pietro badoglio?
www.freebase.com/m/02q16x	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/0m9sf	which family is charles somerset, marquess of worcester from?
www.freebase.com/m/043mrpp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fg1g	where was shlomo aronson born 
www.freebase.com/m/04t41zs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	What social science is the subject of the friendship factor
www.freebase.com/m/0dqt6l5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wph57	Who does never be the same again / teddy (skit)
www.freebase.com/m/01y8kf	www.freebase.com/government/government_agency/jurisdiction	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what jurisdiction does royal canadian air force cover
www.freebase.com/m/0g9w88t	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what baseball position does fred cooke play?
www.freebase.com/m/0cry72w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What type of film is diary of a suicide
www.freebase.com/m/0bx_pt3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what is star system contains (5979) 1992 xf
www.freebase.com/m/032shbj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what types of format is the silent hours
www.freebase.com/m/01hywj7	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/035bkd2	what is the primary release of shakedown street called 
www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/03cvblg	Name a song written by bob dylan
www.freebase.com/m/027qm91	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04f_d	what city and state did joe bowman die in
www.freebase.com/m/059nglj	www.freebase.com/base/classiccars/classic_car/body_styles_produced	www.freebase.com/m/019qw9	is the auburn 852 a 4 door or convertible 
www.freebase.com/m/02qrrd9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does peter elkas make?
www.freebase.com/m/01_x6d	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/02p1d7_	who is created by matt stone
www.freebase.com/m/02m0tt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06jkcf	What is the genre of the judy garland show on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02vptkn	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0829rj	who in the world produced busting
www.freebase.com/m/01lms6z	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did middle man have?
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0191kx	Who's a musician that plays folk music
www.freebase.com/m/033s2c8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/010svnf	What track was of the release titled hello my captor
www.freebase.com/m/0dm8zt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	what is the place of birth of gottfried graf von bismarck-schönhausen
www.freebase.com/m/03d5zl6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is randy sanders
www.freebase.com/m/0nhgwyg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	What kind of music does lim hyung joo do
www.freebase.com/m/04mxb35	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	The album two forty eight is classified within what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/07yzp_	www.freebase.com/base/survivor/survivor_contestant/awarded_immunity	www.freebase.com/m/05ngcfb	What immunity was danni boatwright awarded in the show survivor
www.freebase.com/m/03cyk_z	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06m_5	which country is beira lake in 
www.freebase.com/m/05lls	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0d8wxp	Who is an opera artist?
www.freebase.com/m/03d2v39	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/042kbj	who directed raffles
www.freebase.com/m/0_54xk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0392rrb	which albums were a part of the release transfusion?
www.freebase.com/m/032hn8n	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ls1hgj	what is a song on bluegrass 1956-68 (disc 1) 
www.freebase.com/m/03dwysy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mwml	which places contains the zip code 17082?
www.freebase.com/m/01x20gj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04fc6c	what label does the artist mr. m. belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02x776g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is mario o'hara
www.freebase.com/m/0_f3jxm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the distant light filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02h0j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/058079	which label is don mclean signed under
www.freebase.com/m/0zlch7z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what kind of music is lover, lover
www.freebase.com/m/048_tdz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ntr4	in which county in Illinois is grant park located
www.freebase.com/m/01yk2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07d2d	what kind of music does coldcut make?
www.freebase.com/m/03ymk	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/04d6697	What is a game played with the intellivision video game console?
www.freebase.com/m/04t3th2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	where was clever katya written
www.freebase.com/m/03flss9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lz4lyn	what tracks are on final hours at hammersmith?
www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0mqx8	what counties are in texas
www.freebase.com/m/05dfxn4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/02k_4g	what is the series where the episode this puds for you comes from
www.freebase.com/m/0yzv6q0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Zhang Heping's gender? 
www.freebase.com/m/0gsyhp2	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what is the format of the crimson sails movie
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt_7y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/014_0n	What is the active ingredient in tacrolimus 5 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/0lgp2nz	www.freebase.com/music/music_video/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0lgp3m5	Who directed the music video we are never ever getting back together?
www.freebase.com/m/01k182x	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02w3w	tommy peoples plays what instrument
www.freebase.com/m/04g277j	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0981mk	what is the location of  sannappa parameshwar gaonkar death place
www.freebase.com/m/0g57rrz	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	Which position does matthias ostrzolek play in football
www.freebase.com/m/04wffft	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	What type of work is the the mystic hours written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0480f86	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hjy	where is dairy located 
www.freebase.com/m/03j7d4w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xlj26	What was eclipse
www.freebase.com/m/03cw_k0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the original language of my son, the wizard
www.freebase.com/m/0bkf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fvt1pr	What is the title of one of bob marley's albums?
www.freebase.com/m/04km928	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01vgy4	Who is the son of sharon sedaris?
www.freebase.com/m/04m20_	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0tz54	which city is near the peabody essex museum
www.freebase.com/m/0cy3r2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is frederick h. prince's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0bnsl7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03d96s	Which label is sabrinawmusic signed to?
www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crxspj	what is a football film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0xmfkxw	List an actor born in turkey
www.freebase.com/m/0j_my	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/091rp9	Who was killed by the electric chair for murder
www.freebase.com/m/0c5ss7y	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What kind of binding does iowa come in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5jtfh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the five stages of grief spoken 
www.freebase.com/m/058kyj	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/047c6fm	what is written by han suyin?
www.freebase.com/m/0lyv6bx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fkhc2	what is a track from the car
www.freebase.com/m/0kwmc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0484x9r	what is contained by mobile county
www.freebase.com/m/083_h	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09r9v2	what can be found within the world trade center 
www.freebase.com/m/044j8t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of music does the 69 eyes make?
www.freebase.com/m/01kjhk9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what genre of music is the album almanac live 2004
www.freebase.com/m/0srlx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nsl3	what county contains kimballton, iowa
www.freebase.com/m/01n7bq	www.freebase.com/base/americancivilwar/campaign/battle	www.freebase.com/m/04vq7k	which peninsula campaign battles took place during the american civil war?
www.freebase.com/m/036y7h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of the tv program gimme a break!
www.freebase.com/m/0257h9	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/03z5wq	what is a magnet school?
www.freebase.com/m/02phzz2	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Which form is cannonball in?
www.freebase.com/m/0zjxcrq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01pp1sx	who was the lyricist for thin thread
www.freebase.com/m/0k7zn2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what is arturo perez torres's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffkw0f	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which region was juicebox released in
www.freebase.com/m/0dz76fk	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0fh4rpm	What was the lead single off stay
www.freebase.com/m/01skz_	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zlxjxx	which compositions were done by neko case
www.freebase.com/m/0d2d__	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03hgy3	who is the author of the poseidon adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/0f19866	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which format is please come home... mr. bulbous in?
www.freebase.com/m/0wf7n	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is cyrus in
www.freebase.com/m/026fgxw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of hsien wu?
www.freebase.com/m/02lvm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c8lb	where was empedocles born
www.freebase.com/m/03xz4q6	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03xtmsb	What a release from the album robin hood
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jgkrb	what's a name of a soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/04j28kq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/028v3	what type of film is a kid called danger?
www.freebase.com/m/079p83	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/0l154	What type of geological feature is the glenrock lagoon
www.freebase.com/m/06pwq	www.freebase.com/education/university/fraternities_and_sororities	www.freebase.com/m/05x23q	What is a  fraternity or sorority at stanford university?
www.freebase.com/m/047s3d7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what kind of music does russell javors make 
www.freebase.com/m/08521z1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what type of film is rio
www.freebase.com/m/0np52yb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rrkwc	What artist made the album planetary unknown
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_lql	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What type of netflix film is war file: battlefield: the west wall?
www.freebase.com/m/0wm0p	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What's the time zone in mount pleasant township
www.freebase.com/m/0294mx	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k052y	What is a film that monster executive produced?
www.freebase.com/m/013kcv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mxl9	What newspaper circulates in the town of kearny
www.freebase.com/m/01wqm13	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what country is ismo kallio from
www.freebase.com/m/0b2jhw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is steven blaney?
www.freebase.com/m/0tk_2wf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is mike stocker's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01jwcl9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album deathrace king
www.freebase.com/m/0151pn	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/07sbg7f	what type of work is akseli gallen-kallela most known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_y9	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zjxyhk	what did john denver write lyrics for
www.freebase.com/m/06r5dt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	which level of education is glendale high school
www.freebase.com/m/01sg47	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/097ns	what did chris von der ahe die from?
www.freebase.com/m/0jzfrz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country is takahiko akiyama from?
www.freebase.com/m/02ptx05	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/07d7rl	What label is bill curbishley on?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bc0tc	what's an example of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/05p9tbd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	Where was charles fessenden morse buried
www.freebase.com/m/0c9rw5	www.freebase.com/government/form_of_government/countries	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Name a country who has constitutional republic as a form of government.
www.freebase.com/m/04653q8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is a 11762 vogel?
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0464n90	Who is an instrumentalist known for playing the piano?
www.freebase.com/m/037v7j7	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01n9jlv	which 1995 album contains the song 2000?
www.freebase.com/m/0nlb4nn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nrybz3	what song is catch me if you can a recorded version of?
www.freebase.com/m/0n6ll5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_h_99c	what song is new york city a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/03q58q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v0t4w	Who's a musician working with casablanca records
www.freebase.com/m/0bgr4p	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What is Daniel Garodnick's profession? 
www.freebase.com/m/0zrzfq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wqxdq	What artist recorded venus
www.freebase.com/m/0c8b5h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was hangman's curse originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/07r67q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04lm2k	What's a topic discussed in jantar mantar
www.freebase.com/m/0czbl5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/053yx	who was the composer of the song all blues
www.freebase.com/m/0_ty1l	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0f3lvwc	What is a version of the single earthquake?
www.freebase.com/m/04n408x	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	what is vivi bach's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0264vdj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0mxl9	what was candy csencsits's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0fc6vp_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mj71s5	What track is cuba a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/026nn6_	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03mv5l	Where in italy did the battle of tarentum take place
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t2qc4	What's a fiction book written by michelle magorian
www.freebase.com/m/03gsl1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which position does steve kirk play
www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/team_coaches	www.freebase.com/m/0b5_gk	What is the name of the Bulldog's Rugby league coach?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01qpqfv	What is an example of a indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0lv6q2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0f029p	who is the producer of who wants to live forever
www.freebase.com/m/027cqd7	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does mariano bogliacino play?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqnnxc	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/021mwl	What architect helped make st. peter's episcopal church
www.freebase.com/m/01s9f4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/02frfk	where did claude jade die
www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/05gbq7	who is a character of dc universe?
www.freebase.com/m/06c2hz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hrmwq	What does bob harras do for a job
www.freebase.com/m/0_3n_04	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05bmq	where is the old mutual namibia headquarters
www.freebase.com/m/02vnwfd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g7sl	Where is the place of birth of nguyen van toan
www.freebase.com/m/0h3mlx8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What category of celestial object (58219) 1992 wz2 considered
www.freebase.com/m/035cl3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0c46m	What tv show did kevin mcdonald make
www.freebase.com/m/06_hn	www.freebase.com/time/day_of_year/calendar_system	www.freebase.com/m/037d3	september 25 is part os what calendar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/016v__	What is the name of a game that atari published?
www.freebase.com/m/028c40x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0nlh7	where was ice hockey player kyle rossiter born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv3wh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02_nmy	what is an active ingredient in teething?
www.freebase.com/m/06wrkv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	which places contain swifts creek?
www.freebase.com/m/027qz28	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01bc_x8	what was produced by cibelle
www.freebase.com/m/02pvx1q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	what types of music is played by capitallights
www.freebase.com/m/01z0l6t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01531	where was alex herschlag born
www.freebase.com/m/018hzk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02z8fr4	what is a cooking show 
www.freebase.com/m/0gkkyks	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What is jean-christophe sanchez's profession
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wb43j	What is a book about fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/022wgv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0shx92y	What is the name of an album by peter maxwell davies?
www.freebase.com/m/09pl3s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/06z8kv6	What's a tv episode that roberto orci wrote
www.freebase.com/m/0dvzf4n	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	How was a state of trance 2006 released
www.freebase.com/m/01x4cg	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v4yv9	doubleday (publisher) published what book?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c0l3mt	what is a kind of romance film?
www.freebase.com/m/0dx8j5x	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What is the format of the release in times like these
www.freebase.com/m/01smqh	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/focus_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01nrrw	which airline is in the air canada jazz
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gxr01h	whats the title of a  action film movie
www.freebase.com/m/03q9z18	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what media is santa maria della salute, venice in 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqm5wh	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/088fh	what color is pronestyl 250 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/01khgt3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06gcn	What artist released manifesto?
www.freebase.com/m/0cp58_	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	what is the ethnicity of james lasdun
www.freebase.com/m/06www	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/04g27hf	Name a game in the steampunk genre.
www.freebase.com/m/06zfkm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what kind of book is the south
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02wvm23	Who's a musician that plays pop music
www.freebase.com/m/01j9ndb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016_nr	Which genre of music is on the album the war report
www.freebase.com/m/0123j6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0kyn72j	what is the name of the game that was developed by bethesda softworks
www.freebase.com/m/027ts30	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/owner	www.freebase.com/m/0b7r58	Who is the owner of the the register-herald newspaper?
www.freebase.com/m/048n7	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0hgny7y	Who was a notable person in the korean war?
www.freebase.com/m/036jv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04658v0	what gangsta rap album did Eminem release in 2003
www.freebase.com/m/0272krs	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq238t	what netflix genre is aunt rose
www.freebase.com/m/02k6hp	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0cv2w_3	Who's an actress killed by cardiovascular disease
www.freebase.com/m/0pygst5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is carlyle chalmers male or female
www.freebase.com/m/06jv5g	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what are some of the art forms margaret kilgallen uses?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0gsyw3w	what is an example of a film on 35mm
www.freebase.com/m/08ncv6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqr9jr	What is a drug in the capsule form?
www.freebase.com/m/03zyy8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	What is the subject of tarzan of the apes?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6rt9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what genre of music does bernie shaw play
www.freebase.com/m/01myv9	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/03c9_98	which 2007 single was composed by melanie brown?
www.freebase.com/m/0frdrhl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	What is matt duke's profession
www.freebase.com/m/05ksfv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre is the mr. t experience
www.freebase.com/m/0dc95	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w36hj1	Who is a person that was born in oakland?
www.freebase.com/m/02z3r8t	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/09l3p	who wrote new york, i love you
www.freebase.com/m/01lpcsl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what type of music is i ain't marching anymore considered
www.freebase.com/m/01y6py	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of james hahn
www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/011vwm	what is a company that specializes in financial services
www.freebase.com/m/02qyfm_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02rnq	who was born in texingtal
www.freebase.com/m/0gy2ynf	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01tyl3	what is the ethnicity of tran jeong
www.freebase.com/m/0bmdy78	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What type of music does the ten songs in the key of betrayal album contain?
www.freebase.com/m/02t8gf	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ck9h3	what is an industrial metal album 
www.freebase.com/m/021n1zb	www.freebase.com/biology/gene/genome	www.freebase.com/m/0bsdc	which genome is the gene multiple endocrine neoplasia i in
www.freebase.com/m/03flpm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/026c43z	what species is mastermind (jason wyngarde)
www.freebase.com/m/0q4bcvw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of edward ternes
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j08gn	What is the name of the award winning album by Linda Ronstant?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t4dyr	which book is speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0h7nsx	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	what style of architecture is the clara barkley dorr house?
www.freebase.com/m/093d56f	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22r8	Which netflix genre is the oath?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3y	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/055mql	where is the administrative division in algeria?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqdn2n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fr000g	which tracks are recorded by andy allo?
www.freebase.com/m/079cj4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/037h1k	what label is queenadreena signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0vvl2b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/034djh7	which releases contains the recording oslo?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3wdpj	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	how is (35063) 1988 fd classified 
www.freebase.com/m/04t2h50	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0969fd	Who wrote from oslo to iraq
www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gmbr47	what album is post-rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh5cg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01_6zk1	Where is kedzie (metra) lovated
www.freebase.com/m/02h6p1f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	A botanist is a specialist of what profession.
www.freebase.com/m/0qf3p	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0t9yy3	What is a track produced by bryan ferry?
www.freebase.com/m/01c43w	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgyc3f	What kind of a noun is a crane (bird)
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_1hm	what are cities in united states
www.freebase.com/m/01pv4rj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03fpx	what genre is damaged
www.freebase.com/m/03qmqc9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was outing riley filmed
www.freebase.com/m/043pj_s	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	Which country was guilherme fontes born in
www.freebase.com/m/0f5dz9h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qw58v	who recorded jungle fever
www.freebase.com/m/0dv7d24	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f5_pz1	Which release was o holy night recorded on?
www.freebase.com/m/0drypyf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jdd	what middle eastern country is the location of eris muhandes' birth
www.freebase.com/m/0_t16b8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is gold musical collection?
www.freebase.com/m/03490v	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/027thmf	what fight happened in dongola
www.freebase.com/m/0g74v01	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was live in marciac
www.freebase.com/m/04t3v8c	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is lo es
www.freebase.com/m/0hncwhm	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/016fd5	which producing company produced bedroom farce
www.freebase.com/m/04v5d6r	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0317v_	Name the modern science fiction author of a funeral for the eyes of fire.
www.freebase.com/m/03wh10	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vfthp	What's a book that donna tartt has published
www.freebase.com/m/01hgpbj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what type of music is remixes 81-04 (disc 4: rare tracks)?
www.freebase.com/m/0gph3t	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does andreas menger play in football 
www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kjthhy	name a professional voice actor 
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010jhc	Name a place within the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0181lj	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02rdr6r	caetano veloso contributed music to which film?
www.freebase.com/m/047wtd	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/028yj64	what was the first original edition of mossflower called
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0vhz2	What is a location within the central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0px9wjt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what was mohamed ismail's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0lkc5t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/02jvy9	who produced la vacilona?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/021tjd	Name a politician.
www.freebase.com/m/06w_ty3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/015pxr	who directed the ian mckellen episode
www.freebase.com/m/0h645kb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of object is (21063) 1991 jc2?
www.freebase.com/m/0g293	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01pxx	What is an artist associated with latin american music?
www.freebase.com/m/05ljly	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/066wd	what kind of game is wwf wrestlemania 2000
www.freebase.com/m/05_2h8	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02mmvd	which movie did george barnes work on as the cinematographer
www.freebase.com/m/04tpv0x	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01rp3t	who is the author editor of unconditional life
www.freebase.com/m/0by6z	www.freebase.com/education/school_mascot/school	www.freebase.com/m/03wbsyx	which school is a black panther the mascot of
www.freebase.com/m/04b2rsk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is francis located in
www.freebase.com/m/03y0rv2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What is the start system of 15500 anantpatel?
www.freebase.com/m/01lnhv4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/098cpg	what is the record label of gerling
www.freebase.com/m/02qlhqj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0sf9_	where is cumberland presbyterian church 
www.freebase.com/m/020bv3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what is a language that love actually was produced in
www.freebase.com/m/0346hsv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l4jgzp	what is a track in cream classics?
www.freebase.com/m/04w2w7h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what is the subject of the book another bullshit night in suck city
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cx_rm	What is a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0njgx	Name a county that is within the eastern daylight time zone
www.freebase.com/m/02sf_r	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0w1h91y	Who is somebody that played point guard in the NBA
www.freebase.com/m/01lfhyv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of music is played in the days run away album
www.freebase.com/m/01k2l42	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04n3w1q	what is the album of the artist the saints?
www.freebase.com/m/01jd03n	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017_hq	who was the artist of the album love shack
www.freebase.com/m/01wwnh2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of music does dr. luke create
www.freebase.com/m/0778nv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7d95	What is lafayette avenue?
www.freebase.com/m/0dg6yx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v_nbtw	who is the bassist of music group Sheila on 7 that was born in yogyakarta?
www.freebase.com/m/019w90	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	what country is klaus schulze from
www.freebase.com/m/0wfw_f7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mnp1	Which county is eagle's nest located in
www.freebase.com/m/038r8_8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is the collection a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/034qg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0h1tv3	what died by a firearm?
www.freebase.com/m/03y11f4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is 6923 borzacchini
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y5r03	What is an asteroid group member of asteroid belt?
www.freebase.com/m/035f4_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/044tzlf	What a famous image of the apostolic age
www.freebase.com/m/033ly	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	which instrument is franz schmidt known for playing
www.freebase.com/m/0264f6	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/045zxvl	What is the station ruben studdard's is on
www.freebase.com/m/072prm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/023vg56	what is the name of a single by robert clary
www.freebase.com/m/0c_g7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is paranoia 1.0 filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02qmzgl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/014859	Where was wesley van der linden born
www.freebase.com/m/0n9wy75	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country does dominic deutscher come from
www.freebase.com/m/03lx2r	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0lbl6	which area is the administrative parent of jingzhou
www.freebase.com/m/044klh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/012ts	where in new zealand was jason macy born
www.freebase.com/m/03nnzk	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01l1rw	who did the music for three amigos
www.freebase.com/m/04_47n	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/01ktv3	What is the mouth of the clearwater river?
www.freebase.com/m/09rmm_v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what is the language spoken in melody cruise
www.freebase.com/m/04wdv9k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0f7t3x	Who wrote maisy goes camping?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zjqllh	which song is composed by Steve Rothery
www.freebase.com/m/02rb3zy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of lillian mcmurry
www.freebase.com/m/026bwwc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What kind of game is rolling thunder 3
www.freebase.com/m/064q3n9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is sisters of the gion?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyktsw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is a language of the movie dc showcase: catwoman?
www.freebase.com/m/0c28_g	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is road hogs
www.freebase.com/m/0m2by	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0qqg9	Where is the location of Pima County?
www.freebase.com/m/01ltzdk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of music is made by artists, cannibals, poets, thieves
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cb08f	what is a horror film?
www.freebase.com/m/01pfv1_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x6xjd	what track comes from good deeds and dirty rags
www.freebase.com/m/04165w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	What kind of film is finding neverland?
www.freebase.com/m/0wkhbv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0dvqq	who is the producer of jinx 
www.freebase.com/m/01qqb81	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/07qzv	where is the apples from?
www.freebase.com/m/02fcx	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/016ps5	what was written by douglas hofstadter
www.freebase.com/m/01lcz8f	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does  dana glover play
www.freebase.com/m/0dbdvq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0157g9	Where was the loss of el dorado located?
www.freebase.com/m/0c16t	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01m0d_	Who was involved in mexican–american war
www.freebase.com/m/0d8lpq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what kind of movie is the beast
www.freebase.com/m/027n2k3	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	what does kvtt broadcast
www.freebase.com/m/026bbqz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of frank mcintyre?
www.freebase.com/m/02qpry2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	Who is floyd ritter?
www.freebase.com/m/0rc3cg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pfbzw	who was the artist that created the recording titled  1980
www.freebase.com/m/03f3bwy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qcg51v	what is a song recorded by anggun
www.freebase.com/m/03c1p5b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c17	where was chaya singh given birth
www.freebase.com/m/05c29_p	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is rossana?
www.freebase.com/m/01pbb9	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/02t1t	What is an event that took place at county louth?
www.freebase.com/m/0b73nz	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0mgp	what city is elder park in 
www.freebase.com/m/04948sf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	What US state is primrose in
www.freebase.com/m/0s95q7r	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0rf7mwc	what compositions have dan smith made?
www.freebase.com/m/030w0v	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zh_n5n	what album was made by katie melua
www.freebase.com/m/04c8cz1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mk62	Where is swaim place located within the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0788g7	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zhgh_0	what was a song written by kelly willis
www.freebase.com/m/04kdmg	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j67wl7	who is the parent of jason london?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyml7r	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/064424	What company published the game bejeweled 2 deluxe
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/03ns_sq	what game is played in single-player mode?
www.freebase.com/m/02q578w	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is versailles township in
www.freebase.com/m/02p9b1t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0c5v2	Which city in America did joseph curran die in
www.freebase.com/m/01wqpnm	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0g99j3	which song did billy idol write
www.freebase.com/m/01yyyt	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0268h9c	what military plan was used to defend khe sanh?
www.freebase.com/m/0h691rw	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y893b	who directed the film three blind mouseketeers
www.freebase.com/m/01qztp0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	What genre is ledbetter heights
www.freebase.com/m/0g251	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/01zmtd	what tourist attraction is at stratford-upon-avon
www.freebase.com/m/053yx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01m3gv4	Name an album by miles davis
www.freebase.com/m/0m8vw1q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dns20g	what album is beverly hills featured on
www.freebase.com/m/027bzns	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/07mckv	where in texas does kmrk-fm serve in?
www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07c0c7	what artists are signed to universal music group
www.freebase.com/m/02rtx9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what sort of show is green acres
www.freebase.com/m/0pdlwgh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is lawyer
www.freebase.com/m/01ny5gt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	What type of music is the album hours?
www.freebase.com/m/0n2z	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0z78q3m	who was born in athens?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfdp87	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is fred hahn
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04z_3pm	how did indie film die
www.freebase.com/m/04y06z	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what is the genre of the magic
www.freebase.com/m/04q7p_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is matt gentry's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0cfs4j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is Michiyo Okusu's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfqrj	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzcf78	What type of area is verl
www.freebase.com/m/063ztdh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music did david mackay make?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1hkr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is featured in american short story collection: the blue hotel
www.freebase.com/m/02qpx3w	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What is the genre of at the edge of the world
www.freebase.com/m/0csq07	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What is alex hardy's baseball position?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1nw1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the conan chronicles 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0cd8pk	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/0j13r6r	which books does the character jessica wakefield appear in
www.freebase.com/m/02pt27	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zhjz44	which song did steve hackett write the lyrics for
www.freebase.com/m/02qs_5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is lion feuchtwanger known for?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ff658v	What's an album featuring music by ella fitzgerald
www.freebase.com/m/0fyz6kp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fyz6kg	what album is fever listed on
www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05c3hwx	Who was born in hamburg?
www.freebase.com/m/05142y	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0gndv	What language is spoken in yesterday
www.freebase.com/m/0gj8gf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	in which area is almè located in
www.freebase.com/m/0fp2ng	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	where did hans grässel die
www.freebase.com/m/0l020w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is Nikola Rachelle's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs1b6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what type of drug is levorphanol tartrate 2 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/09g77d8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does iván malón play?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs05fx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of  right now!
www.freebase.com/m/0byfyy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/095bb	how would you classify legion of super heroes
www.freebase.com/m/01f07x	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/focus_city_for	www.freebase.com/m/01qmg5	what airway serves logan international airport
www.freebase.com/m/0zgxfmv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	which California city was william lopez born in
www.freebase.com/m/0q29fb	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0170b6b	What is a version of the single excalibur
www.freebase.com/m/0l4pwts	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03481hl	What is an album by excalibur?
www.freebase.com/m/0fgb4q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What occupation is john riedling known for?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04jn6_n	what film is an example of a thriller (genre)?
www.freebase.com/m/047rzyp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0btsz0	who is the record label of the artist the summer set?
www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0b5plj	What wold be a black metal album
www.freebase.com/m/02hmgm7	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0123j6	Who developed the game the elder scrolls iii: bloodmoon
www.freebase.com/m/04gpfnc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01k4f	where did ludwig stickelberger die
www.freebase.com/m/0n53w3t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is love come to life?
www.freebase.com/m/0zh47ph	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0lgsq	who wrote the words to the song silent legacy
www.freebase.com/m/02p3ht6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/028tj5	Who is a Swedish retired ice hockey player born in Örnsköldsvik?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc3g2j	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is pupo de luca's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y7z8h	What's an asteroid in the asteroid belt
www.freebase.com/m/07sbqhy	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0cn68	what ethnicity is derek mio
www.freebase.com/m/0fclj9	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/061v7p	which films did ernest laszlo provide the cinematography?
www.freebase.com/m/06785v	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/06793p	who is clara harris parent?
www.freebase.com/m/0799bw6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0799bv1	which cooking show has an episode in london
www.freebase.com/m/0pb_fm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03xrp7t	What was the release for hard times?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtn5g	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	What kind of music is the film the best of daniel odonnell on film about?
www.freebase.com/m/01jgrjn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music did gino vannelli make?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxdrq	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/06n1j	what language family is karen, s'gaw language from
www.freebase.com/m/0f2x0	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fnqb	What is benny goodman's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/099kgq	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01l6nb	Which entity was involved in the anglo-soviet invasion of iran?
www.freebase.com/m/03f4xvm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nz818	what is a song made by mos def
www.freebase.com/m/0bns8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What kind of work does shirish kunder do
www.freebase.com/m/03m1d4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what book type is the autobiography of alice b. toklas
www.freebase.com/m/06w7k1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	What is walter bonatti's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0641sv_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01bsmp	where was mutaz kailouni bonr
www.freebase.com/m/016v7h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is r. f. delderfield's nationality from
www.freebase.com/m/01lv_31	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01m1y	what kind of music does  the saw doctors make
www.freebase.com/m/026wltf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	Where was Ruth Turner born?
www.freebase.com/m/05wr5js	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06m_5	where was curuppumullage jinarajadasa born?
www.freebase.com/m/04v21nj	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	Where was the book everyman published?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs1508	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	which netflix genre is the case of howard phillips lovecraft under
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wgy8m	what is the name of a baseball book that portrays speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/01jfnlz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what format does the glenn frey live album is played
www.freebase.com/m/01pkw7	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04l1p7b	what color is papillon (dog) 
www.freebase.com/m/0k33p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c3vccm	Which retired English professional footballer was born in birmingham?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1011	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/park	www.freebase.com/m/02mv6p	which amusement park is the enchanted tiki room (under new management) in
www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_children	www.freebase.com/m/01cvwc	Name a principality located in puerto rico
www.freebase.com/m/02q55hf	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	what defensive position does alphonso carreker play
www.freebase.com/m/035cdx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fly	Where is Bourke located?
www.freebase.com/m/0x9x5k6	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	whats the format for the release  100 hits of the sixties
www.freebase.com/m/0gfzc3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is lazy in?
www.freebase.com/m/04b291h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	where is palace located?
www.freebase.com/m/04zt56	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	Which war was battle of ezra church included in
www.freebase.com/m/0b5kwp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23lr	Which genre is the netflix film a good year from
www.freebase.com/m/09v2ydc	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04jjy	what is about between two women
www.freebase.com/m/0fdjb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/03d36hw	what tv program is supernatural
www.freebase.com/m/0903m6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m1xv	what is the genre of the tv program spuiten en slikken
www.freebase.com/m/03ctdf	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06br8	which rugby league does paul ackford play for 
www.freebase.com/m/04jd59x	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	What conflict did günter kuhnke participate in
www.freebase.com/m/03j0qf4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what genre is the artist armani xxxchange
www.freebase.com/m/03wg6kf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hydr	what type of music is crystal castles classified under
www.freebase.com/m/0gks5yv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language was the film sweet country created in
www.freebase.com/m/027y_qz	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/park	www.freebase.com/m/02mv7g	Which park is the toy story midway mania! located in
www.freebase.com/m/05f54qr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	which language is cuando llega el amor usually broadcast in
www.freebase.com/m/08qchd	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what football position is petter belsvik best known for
www.freebase.com/m/01z83f	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/037q1z	Name an English film producer of the kind hearts and coronets comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0sjxp73	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09889g	who recorded the song remember the time (mick’s drummer mix)
www.freebase.com/m/01gp1v	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/08zwspz	who was the costume designer for the movie zelig
www.freebase.com/m/043zx4k	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/geographic_distribution	www.freebase.com/m/01knn8	Where does ilonggos live
www.freebase.com/m/050gkf	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/04rtpt	who was one of the production companies listed in the beginning of cinderella man
www.freebase.com/m/0j8k00b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What film is wolf an example of
www.freebase.com/m/07s6m5z	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	devil soldier was released under what music format?
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03nqmlg	what house is in pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/0qzjg46	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was jennifer s. rose given birth
www.freebase.com/m/098sx	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/025x1mw	What works written by Phillip Pullman?
www.freebase.com/m/02vzjyx	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country was khandhar released in
www.freebase.com/m/015tns	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/01c5zw	What is a hub for stockholm-arlanda airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_vk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what genre is harry potter and the philosophers stone
www.freebase.com/m/03csb__	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/05sxr_	what films is burny mattinson credited in
www.freebase.com/m/03mdt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crtj3f	What's a title available under the hbo section of netflix
www.freebase.com/m/010dy8t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/044gyq	which musician recorded another day
www.freebase.com/m/03b_sy7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which county produced april
www.freebase.com/m/040qbg5	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/015ssr	What platform was the game ice hockey released?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2pjs	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0d06vc	what war was raymond plouhar in
www.freebase.com/m/0pmkp11	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	what city was james dean schulte born in
www.freebase.com/m/0czjrn4	www.freebase.com/type/content/language	www.freebase.com/m/04l	What is the language of stockwell day - july 2010?
www.freebase.com/m/03c1zg1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is something always happens
www.freebase.com/m/02_byk	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xr29h	What is a book edition that was published by author craig raine?
www.freebase.com/m/04pwcf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0n8v0	where did frank thornton die
www.freebase.com/m/01p9xsj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01d8k5	what genre is true music 1st flight live 2003
www.freebase.com/m/01j71k5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0r7hzs	What is a track from the release forever?
www.freebase.com/m/01jky_f	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is 1993-07-14: blastic scene: lisbon, portugal
www.freebase.com/m/09gk_d3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07rnh	What band recorded your future our clutter?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9f_qz	www.freebase.com/music/music_video/music_video_subject	www.freebase.com/m/027lv2	What is the subject of the music video why go??
www.freebase.com/m/0k571hg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is doreen denning's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/08n_95	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is san giovanni in persiceto located?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw8lbw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fw8lcf	What track is featured on cinema-tech
www.freebase.com/m/03qb3r9	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what was the loire painted on
www.freebase.com/m/0c40thx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is with ears to see and eyes to hear?
www.freebase.com/m/03cd007	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	What kind of company is coffee 1?
www.freebase.com/m/082vm9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the tv program judge alex from
www.freebase.com/m/02jvpv	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0dds9	people of the kiwi ethnicity speak what language?
www.freebase.com/m/025sqz8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrph9	What is the active ingredient of formulation for zinc
www.freebase.com/m/04ybpw9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	What kind of tv show is take my word for it?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3yqwy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rknt	Which city in Florida was ned porter born in
www.freebase.com/m/0brhs6	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	what position does virginijus praškevičius play 
www.freebase.com/m/02m3dm	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtlsl	what drug contains mycophenolic acid?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0260ctn	what is a book in the speculative fiction gendre
www.freebase.com/m/04gr1p3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	which language is spoken in susuk 
www.freebase.com/m/06t5wz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what kind of music does monster movie (band) perform
www.freebase.com/m/0j42pxk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily used in nuba conversations
www.freebase.com/m/04n7jdv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02z79vw	What is an example of a rap metal album?
www.freebase.com/m/0j07r	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07gcf	what kind of software is xfce
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtp7c	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0ksgj	whats the active ingredient in sodium chloride 200 pellet
www.freebase.com/m/0177m_v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lkjw6g	What track is new hampshire a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/0392lsf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what region released trilogy
www.freebase.com/m/01yx5t	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/02nvf58	What is bob brown known as
www.freebase.com/m/03ylc20	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What category of celestial object is 21731 zhuruochen
www.freebase.com/m/03yf0q	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/035wvtq	What's an album that tuomas holopainen produced
www.freebase.com/m/02x253r	www.freebase.com/food/dish/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/027zm8	what are the ingredients for fizzy apple cocktail
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01pd_bf	Name a rock music artist.
www.freebase.com/m/03bxqfy	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01t9k5	which company developed vmware server?
www.freebase.com/m/080vfg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_77lg	what is christine maggiore known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0h1h0gf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music is on the album over the top
www.freebase.com/m/0r5dfl4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is nancy vee from
www.freebase.com/m/0z93hp6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0252jt0	what is oklahoma a notable example of?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd9z5n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c9v6	Who recorded iolanthe: overture?
www.freebase.com/m/02z6y3p	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release did ohio have?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq7tx	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05pq9	who composed the music for the sound of music (film)
www.freebase.com/m/03cxj9n	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what kind of martial art does rené monse perform
www.freebase.com/m/013jvh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/06mlx5	Where was frederick viii of denmark buried
www.freebase.com/m/01qhm_	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0jcx	Name a person with the ethnicity of German American. 
www.freebase.com/m/0bdt8m7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is andré schäfer's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0159q6n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031ch3x	what is a release on the recording reject
www.freebase.com/m/0b_tl9	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03gqhc9	who was walter mischel influenced by 
www.freebase.com/m/0f2tgh8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mfknfl	What song was included in iii
www.freebase.com/m/0gwx4m	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sire	www.freebase.com/m/09pykh	what horse breed is mummify
www.freebase.com/m/0gm5sw0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what is the spoken language of the remembrance film
www.freebase.com/m/02hxzw4	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/countries_spoken_in	www.freebase.com/m/07z5n	Where is ambrym, southeast language spoken?
www.freebase.com/m/0gysl4r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_qc_	what was arthur b. hancock, jr.'s cause of death
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/06kqxq	what is a multiplayer computer video game
www.freebase.com/m/0fcfmr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	Which genre of film is love story?
www.freebase.com/m/07dt0m	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v0fjn	This 1977 book was published by del rey books
www.freebase.com/m/01ls6qc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ls715	who released the album nailed?
www.freebase.com/m/01cssf	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05y7hc	who is the composer for romeo + juliet
www.freebase.com/m/03szt2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p8vw	what parisian suburb did robert brasillach  die in
www.freebase.com/m/02n7mh	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/03plfd	which time zone is  marijampolė county in
www.freebase.com/m/0fh92r	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does oscar heisserer play
www.freebase.com/m/05q8lkw	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0992rs	what organization is founded by gertrude rush
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22yy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0b3sw8	what movie is pre-20th century period pieces in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0glrp0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of book is the magic city 
www.freebase.com/m/01s283	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/03hbyd	Who created the character of wolverine
www.freebase.com/m/043zkzc	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what medium was las meninas (after velázquez) painted on?
www.freebase.com/m/0wsyz1x	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the release format of goodnight golden sun
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhl_1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/09q2t	what color does strattera 80 capsule come in?
www.freebase.com/m/04jlj7t	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02ryx0	who was in charge of music for the midnight man?
www.freebase.com/m/0q2llbs	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0c26xv	who produced the film hell baby?
www.freebase.com/m/01ml7z8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/040kwl	what music is composed by silverstein
www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w9h8v	what is the title of a book in the  autobiography genre
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y18t9	What is the name of a solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0qf3p	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/011pbmt	what track did bryan ferry produce?
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2hw	which formulation is in topical
www.freebase.com/m/04w7d8s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what subject does finding god in the garden cover
www.freebase.com/m/02r_h2g	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/03_ssf	What island group is fale, tuvalu a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbwwz	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012vd6	which soul artist is featured on the .977 the 80s channel
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bm_7x	What film falls into the thriller (genre)?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g99xml	Who is a famous screenwriter?
www.freebase.com/m/021dp3n	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is 22902 a postal code in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y07yc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is water lilies
www.freebase.com/m/01fw0g	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/08sfp1	What architect produced the reichstag building
www.freebase.com/m/0g7xbs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0hsqf	which city is kim heechul from
www.freebase.com/m/03c8xzw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09x_r	what does the trak starz do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/011d8r	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what is the time zone in lebanon 
www.freebase.com/m/09k6bj	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/owner	www.freebase.com/m/021vvr	who is the owner of the evening gazette
www.freebase.com/m/0d78hl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is written in webcrash
www.freebase.com/m/03qk8mq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is jennifer butler's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hlj06	what is a game by atari
www.freebase.com/m/02qp7rn	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05nn4k	who produced the film the express
www.freebase.com/m/07mvp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01gjj80	what is an album recorded by the rolling stones
www.freebase.com/m/0gf14	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	what type of school is ryerson university?
www.freebase.com/m/01w613	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/021xfx	What's a german variety show
www.freebase.com/m/014ps4	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02k9zcx	What work has been written about gene wolfe
www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtjvm	what is a tablet used to treat hypertension 
www.freebase.com/m/0tr01_0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014g6v	who is the artist that recorded un poco loco?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtcr0	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0gzk2	what is the active ingredient in theophylline 4 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/026f8f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02psy4v	Name of album by the alternative metal band drowning pool.
www.freebase.com/m/054lpb6	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/06w4_4z	what is a film produced by relativity media
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048svs7	what is the name of a city found in pasco county in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0bg65gv	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/013km	who created the character kibit
www.freebase.com/m/04w4fzg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09kqc	what is the subject of the manhattan beach project?
www.freebase.com/m/0bqps6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lt8xz	what are ricky van shelton's songs
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dczrw	What is a example of a science fiction movie?
www.freebase.com/m/03c3tz3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06rf7	what is the northernmost states of Germany located in seedorf, lauenburg
www.freebase.com/m/066spk	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0cj_gf	What is a game that was developed by appaloosa interactive?
www.freebase.com/m/026xlbp	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/07pwhm	who wrote the story for the film naam
www.freebase.com/m/04jcmm1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	Where did angelino fons die?
www.freebase.com/m/040gtzl	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	who was the developer of mortal kombat 3
www.freebase.com/m/0vgzbc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/011hww	who is the musician on the album der leiermann
www.freebase.com/m/0120f_b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lt7kvl	What is a track on the recording arthur
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtpg5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the status of titanium dioxide, zinc oxide 0.1/0.08 lotion?
www.freebase.com/m/04j19dx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what type of film is the perfect crime
www.freebase.com/m/076tkvz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What television genre is the program The Night Strangler?
www.freebase.com/m/0crs9yg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	what type of movie is home before dark
www.freebase.com/m/0w82bsl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of lex bos?
www.freebase.com/m/0bkg87	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0crv3_2	which film did bappi lahiri work on music 
www.freebase.com/m/0309z6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02kzv3	where was kristine kathryn rusch's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/09hnx_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xs05r	what is lake mohave
www.freebase.com/m/01vbngw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fvf1mw	what is a track by revelation time
www.freebase.com/m/012sk_	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j2l32g	Who is the father of manu ginóbili?
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dfklnp	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cghhs	Who is a famous Austrailian screenwriter?
www.freebase.com/m/04wbpl_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03pcx_	who was the author of bush country
www.freebase.com/m/0kvgsm	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01vq3	what is the film david copperfield about
www.freebase.com/m/05fljc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0jn38	Which artist released the album octavarium?
www.freebase.com/m/03yxb3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0zvl8s7	what tract is released by derek sherinian
www.freebase.com/m/0ch20s	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What kind of school is st. edward high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0lfcb3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015df6	who recorded the song i don’t sleep, i dream
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/028608m	What's an example of an indie film
www.freebase.com/m/02vrn0q	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0mp3l	what area does wqmz broadcast in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkv3h6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Where was single-mindedly made
www.freebase.com/m/05y236	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/color	www.freebase.com/m/04knzl5	What is a color of new guinea singing dog
www.freebase.com/m/0351ff	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_h_jkc	what is a composition by kenny wayne shepherd 
www.freebase.com/m/06zy_z	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0c41qv	which production company helped film maniac cop 2?
www.freebase.com/m/084479	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is guy endore from?
www.freebase.com/m/0536sd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gqbrp	where in sicily is province of palermo located in?
www.freebase.com/m/095bb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04f4kw	what animated cartoon was about ducks?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/017gm7	what is a film in the fantasy genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggbcny	www.freebase.com/base/gadgets/gadget/file_formats	www.freebase.com/m/0220vh_	what is the format of ipad 2
www.freebase.com/m/04c00t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of matt winston?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlt35	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	who published mr. driller: drill land
www.freebase.com/m/01mg7pp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mg7js	what is an album by mississippi fred mcdowell
www.freebase.com/m/0bbjdf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the main language of police surgeon
www.freebase.com/m/045v01	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03r9jz	what organizations are ted henter the founder of
www.freebase.com/m/0lzp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09gdbfw	who was born in aarhus
www.freebase.com/m/0_yvv4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x0wx7	who is the artist for rhapsody on a theme of paganini: variation 13
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crylyl	What's a documentary film released in 2007
www.freebase.com/m/0dpqwww	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03flq2j	What album is piano from
www.freebase.com/m/058nt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0fsw38	Who is a character from the marvel universe
www.freebase.com/m/0486c5w	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0lphb	Where is pine knoll vista?
www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0b2fbv	What movie is in the singer-songwriter category of netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxqfc	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	where is kinnauri, bhoti language spoken?
www.freebase.com/m/01qxgm4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08z0wx	The artist angizia does what type of music
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0kv4mx	what netflix title is in the genre united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/063mx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0c1r70t	what is the name of a work by paul cézanne
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/076jky	What is a game with single-player mode?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02pp_kv	what person is a journalist?
www.freebase.com/m/01w74mg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x1t_wr	what tracks are by gary rossington?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2xrr4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was bigtime released to the public in?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2j7n8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ntv2zf	which track can be found in the recording iceland
www.freebase.com/m/0q571_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fk1ltz	what release features obvious
www.freebase.com/m/04w6ll9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/08b3m	what's one of the topics in the long trail
www.freebase.com/m/06yxd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04br129	Name one location in south carolina
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_znh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	the film entre llamas was spoken in what language
www.freebase.com/m/0ff850	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2nf	Where was greg stokes born?
www.freebase.com/m/04n24sc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what types of music is played by 64 spoons
www.freebase.com/m/07kcn0w	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04hsn6	Who directed the film ride the wild surf
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkz3p	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/07jx7	what is the shape of bystolic 2.5 tablet 
www.freebase.com/m/03y0y_4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What category of celestial object does 10770 belo horizonte fall into?
www.freebase.com/m/03bz_vb	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/099_dw	which film did richard shepard direct
www.freebase.com/m/07yt65	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05mkn	which music is produced by speed
www.freebase.com/m/016ghw	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/08ws_r	alexander korda produced what film?
www.freebase.com/m/0yy8j0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is the notable type of kansas city
www.freebase.com/m/026_v3w	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	what neighborhood is good hope in
www.freebase.com/m/080fv66	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is when pigs fly
www.freebase.com/m/0f_gl4w	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was a dream to believe in, vol. 2 released on?
www.freebase.com/m/04n23yk	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	what league does steve crossley play in
www.freebase.com/m/01hn_pf	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/033h271	what is the release track off moondance
www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0ld0qfd	what is a family program
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqlk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01_2s3	What is an active ingredient in zolpidem tartrate 5 coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyss34	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	Which genre of music does know hope collective perform?
www.freebase.com/m/02vnrct	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a gameplay mode you could find on ricochet infinity?
www.freebase.com/m/05q9g1	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02qkd_0	what film did gulzar help write 
www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/deities	www.freebase.com/m/0bsddc	Who is the eighth avatar in hinduism 
www.freebase.com/m/03_tf2_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0sk7dyq	What's a song released on intégrale, volume 2: the guitar dont lie
www.freebase.com/m/01wz9cs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is alvin chea from?
www.freebase.com/m/04dq99	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05kpwk1	Who is george w. grider?
www.freebase.com/m/0320c3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	What is the official color of orange county community college
www.freebase.com/m/09k6fpj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y34j	where was the birthplace of roy messing
www.freebase.com/m/024zxfr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03gynb	who plays symphony no. 4
www.freebase.com/m/01p81x_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/06wb41	what record label worked with tormentandtoreros
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02z5dy_	Name a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0r8kzz7	www.freebase.com/biology/pedigreed_animal/breed	www.freebase.com/m/0kwpp	Where was anna pavlova buried after death
www.freebase.com/m/0gy8wvj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of movie is the double?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj2cy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country was the movie beau-père filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0h2dxh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	where is ensenada partido?
www.freebase.com/m/047c5sn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01sn3	Where was Ed Zmich born?
www.freebase.com/m/01lq3x	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what foreign language is an option for the film bill & teds bogus journey
www.freebase.com/m/04jnwq1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	what state is butler school in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv670	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	how is venoforce i dosed 
www.freebase.com/m/0fwtd4	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02pljrr	who is son of perictione
www.freebase.com/m/04jn11k	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04qyw4	who was the director of over 21
www.freebase.com/m/0j3cvb8	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what is ryosuke hirata's position in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0x2jd	www.freebase.com/law/court/legal_cases	www.freebase.com/m/091y0f	what is a legal case in the court of supreme court of canada?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlk0s0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the form for how can you live in the northeast? 
www.freebase.com/m/01m4n9	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/01vzcp	where is the tourist attraction dover castle located
www.freebase.com/m/0vmypcm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is richard graves's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkrm1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where can you find bextra 20 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/07gzgw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01qplg	Where was lourdes domínguez lino born?
www.freebase.com/m/0tw5q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bx9y	what county possesses glen echo
www.freebase.com/m/0720s2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is james j. howard from
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/03hkvm0	what game is an action game?
www.freebase.com/m/01hjx7n	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what is the genre of the album phobia
www.freebase.com/m/0q76xm8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0rlchgj	what song was released on hard times
www.freebase.com/m/0hr5kd1	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gpf1b	Who directed rocktober blood?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/087mgl	What is a public school located in laurel, maryland?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0r4s5bf	what is a single-player mode game?
www.freebase.com/m/0c9qsk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what type of movie is stoned (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0k_r7l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/019k6n	which city does the group the method actors come from
www.freebase.com/m/0110jf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone is leeds located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0417rj6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was the red scream written in
www.freebase.com/m/0r4ksnn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what type of show is freakshow
www.freebase.com/m/04k8l9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where is rebecca harms from?
www.freebase.com/m/025tvvq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0sm41d1	what album is from the artist dmitri borisovich kabalevsky?
www.freebase.com/m/0k3ddl9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country was nana bobò filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0y7b4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	Which east coast state is de peyster located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfpn7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of movie is the twin girls of sunset street
www.freebase.com/m/02fwy3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cht6	where is the birthplace of mario cipollini
www.freebase.com/m/033_l8	www.freebase.com/base/casinos/casino_theme/casinos_in_this_theme	www.freebase.com/m/0y4knbs	what is the casino theme of online casino
www.freebase.com/m/0gthc0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04kr	What is declan mccullagh best know as
www.freebase.com/m/0zfgfzb	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01z1pc	who produced the knife?
www.freebase.com/m/029l9c	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05kpwk1	What was the occupation of  james michael curley
www.freebase.com/m/0g_k50	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0774ym5	what is a character from the book new moon (novel)
www.freebase.com/m/0rv88b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n6rlxq	What track is cloud 9 a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/01d3n8	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w1_9h	what books are written on internal medicine?
www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r6ztz	what artist performs metalcore music?
www.freebase.com/m/0lh94j6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What is a form of lost in wonderland?
www.freebase.com/m/0crth11	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is spoken in eves beach fantasy
www.freebase.com/m/08vqg8n	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016chh	what type of novel is elemental: the power of illuminated love?
www.freebase.com/m/014d3g	www.freebase.com/medicine/condition_prevention_factors/conditions_this_may_prevent	www.freebase.com/m/062t2	What can ibuprofen prevent?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6w5g1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which nationality does dorothea störr-ritter identify with
www.freebase.com/m/03y638g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what star does 6597 kreil orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0250tln	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kk9m27	Name a track off the recording memphis
www.freebase.com/m/03_6xhs	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m5by4f	what are songs of the live in denmark 72 album
www.freebase.com/m/02qnqz9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position is the football player vicente lucas?
www.freebase.com/m/0lr2wfh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0ksc72	who wrote the tv series soul train
www.freebase.com/m/0yxstk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qt_00	who was the artist that recorded hard times
www.freebase.com/m/04w7d88	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04g2t_y	The written work john paul jones was created by whom?
www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8n15	Name a book from the sport subject
www.freebase.com/m/0126w5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who is bernardino baldi
www.freebase.com/m/039y1s0	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was judy collins sings dylan... just like a woman released in?
www.freebase.com/m/07lyxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_gl4	Where was edgar jadwin born?
www.freebase.com/m/04tkhfk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0grq7q	What is the name of a gay themed film
www.freebase.com/m/027rg81	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/03qmfbf	which structures did john eberson designed?
www.freebase.com/m/04xrq2p	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what type of binding does the book edition the intended have
www.freebase.com/m/0b_y2t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what is the genre in which deepsky performs
www.freebase.com/m/0r4w7s4	www.freebase.com/law/legal_case/court	www.freebase.com/m/01tm9w	which court did he kaw teh v r take place in
www.freebase.com/m/0fwd59	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the tv program baa bahoo aur baby 
www.freebase.com/m/03gvt	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01mr2g6	which musicians are known to play the hammond organ
www.freebase.com/m/0ffwbtq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f1mxnq	what is a track off of so far...the best of bajaga & instruktori?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgsfy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01tsq8	where was marco ambrosio born 
www.freebase.com/m/060jd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where did pope clement xi die
www.freebase.com/m/09ry7_t	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0kvh3y	what film did jeff pope write
www.freebase.com/m/02rn60n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what musical genre is mathieu van bellen known for
www.freebase.com/m/0vmt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0488rm8	which hot springs is locted in arizona
www.freebase.com/m/079h44	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0_jg8zl	Name an album by the artist 9th wonder
www.freebase.com/m/03qzj4	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/03b_3qt	whats the name of a neighborhood in the tampa bay area
www.freebase.com/m/088r7g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what type of celestial body is theta arietis considered
www.freebase.com/m/0hglpg5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	Which genre of music is the album fear and the nervous system?
www.freebase.com/m/02749s2	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/09ggk	What is the color of hamburg high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/04f0v6y	What is a public school in rigby, idaho?
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02q8f0f	what area is in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0355qf	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzckw9	What administrative area type is puno region
www.freebase.com/m/01hh8hk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what genre of music is relayer
www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/type_of_rugby/players_of_this_type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/04jm00s	Who is a player that is in the rugby league
www.freebase.com/m/0z8c28	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/031c1st	what album features the recording of another day
www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b734t	What town on the southeast of north carolina?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04nb5j9	Name a french documentary film released in 2008.
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0s9l19y	What is the name of a film in the drama genre
www.freebase.com/m/02kfwr	www.freebase.com/base/animal_synopses/synopsized_animal/has_synopsis	www.freebase.com/m/0xn5dj9	what is the miniature version of the poodle
www.freebase.com/m/0dlyzx	www.freebase.com/film/film/sequel	www.freebase.com/m/064k1wb	what is the sequel to avpr: aliens vs predator - requiem?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc9cfx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is nicolas de pruysenaere's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bzy12	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of benjamin demott
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/069v6m	whats the name of a death metal musician
www.freebase.com/m/0cx768	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What is a gameplay mode from the game titled elebits
www.freebase.com/m/02bm1v	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hmm74	What was a game published by thq
www.freebase.com/m/06xjw0	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/035dk	In what country is volta region apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/0bv893	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what occupation is theodore l. thomas most known for
www.freebase.com/m/025_pj6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is syne mitchell a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04j0qn_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the film the amazing screw-on head?
www.freebase.com/m/026xgb	www.freebase.com/education/field_of_study/subdiscipline_of	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the subdiscipline of cultural history?
www.freebase.com/m/04ych	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b2787	Name a community located in missouri.
www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crxlxk	What title is in the spanish language genre on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0c61	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02x5h	who wrote the screenplay for the wild child
www.freebase.com/m/0fs_dlh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mq3nwb	what is a track off the bulletproof album
www.freebase.com/m/0bz7bsh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	Where was chris avram when he died
www.freebase.com/m/0qn2v	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/05f5m4	What airline has its main base at o. r. tambo international airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0d4gq	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/06y96j	what is a symptom of turner syndrome?
www.freebase.com/m/04r_0wf	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	What type of licensing does haplogroup ij (y-dna) have?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/065y8ny	who is a model (person)?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_1sj	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	who produced school for scoundrels
www.freebase.com/m/0rpp_nr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	What city did siegfried fischer pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldk6w1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/036g27b	the track  speak can be found on what release
www.freebase.com/m/0gx_fqt	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does františek kolenatý play?
www.freebase.com/m/03sb27	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hm2	Which type of circulation is the mcgill daily known for?
www.freebase.com/m/061310	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What country is kivik in
www.freebase.com/m/06_5h1j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0846v	which state is archeological site no. 48su354 located in
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/031ndnj	whats an example of a soundtrack album
www.freebase.com/m/0t0rb	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nryt	which county is mount vernon in
www.freebase.com/m/0195pd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06zrx46	Who was born in manila
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0j42fgy	What is the name of a short film
www.freebase.com/m/099ldv	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does jean-luc marion belong to 
www.freebase.com/m/0_6jqj6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01wk4q3	who composed good night
www.freebase.com/m/0c6cgy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where did ernst schröder die
www.freebase.com/m/0dm96k9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07wqk_	who is the musician responsible for recording we got it going on?
www.freebase.com/m/03qjkt	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hhrxxw	Who was born in slovenj gradec
www.freebase.com/m/0crs0fs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What is the genre of the film Bonnies Kids?
www.freebase.com/m/07m9q	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqr9pn	What's a medical spray that includes testosterone
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g1qmcm	What's a soundtrack written by anthony marinelli
www.freebase.com/m/0dj_5wh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What defensive position does ingo schlösser play
www.freebase.com/m/0d4vt2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre of music is farewell to paradise?
www.freebase.com/m/010h1z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07srw	Which state is ivins located?
www.freebase.com/m/01nds	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/06sbxh	what is a game that capcom developed
www.freebase.com/m/05zqt8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07c72	What is the tv series for the episode they saved lisa's brain?
www.freebase.com/m/025wb__	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kcw2	where is residential college at mary foust located at?
www.freebase.com/m/01rh2qb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yw26	what genre of music is the album conspiritus?
www.freebase.com/m/05dqmqd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/04bp0l	Which tv series was grand canyon an episode for?
www.freebase.com/m/02qk_2y	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/042z89	who is the artist of the album  c.o.d.
www.freebase.com/m/02qvn7j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/094jv	which city in the east coast was dean wurzberger born
www.freebase.com/m/03y9lwr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what kind of movie is wind in the willows
www.freebase.com/m/026srzq	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02rl80b	which Prairie style house in Chicago is located on sheridan road
www.freebase.com/m/0g8y_n3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n0bz1s	what tracks are on cadillac?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp1y4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what is the netflix genre of sex is comedy
www.freebase.com/m/03h5_n_	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	Which baseball position did steve brye play?
www.freebase.com/m/05pw2t4	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0h1x5f	What movie was nancy steiner the costume designer for?
www.freebase.com/m/07yb37z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is daniel mauch
www.freebase.com/m/05wyv11	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what ethnicity does joe phillips identify as?
www.freebase.com/m/04fk2mt	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/06sks6	what olympic games was mens badminton, singles apart of
www.freebase.com/m/01scm0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01ydtg	what type of performance-based poetry is performed by wesley willis
www.freebase.com/m/0b6fstg	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	The album the rainwater lp is what type of musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/09v8_0l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what is the genre of halcyon days ep?
www.freebase.com/m/0mlvc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010w4t	what city is located in yakima county, washington
www.freebase.com/m/09vcnt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what area contains the location sardhana
www.freebase.com/m/014d0v	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01xzc5	who is the parent of barry mcguigan
www.freebase.com/m/0s9dc01	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country is shinobu satou from?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds5581	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/022840	what war was apart of the sitgreaves expedition
www.freebase.com/m/07pswq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/096jgl	where was shapour bakhtiar buried?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgktb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	what's one of the topics discussed in an artist against the third reich
www.freebase.com/m/027nmk8	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	What type of book is the rise of the black wolf?
www.freebase.com/m/032l9m	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/06qxh	what series is zero hour from?
www.freebase.com/m/02ts_f	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cnnc4	What battle did george rooke participate in
www.freebase.com/m/070mq5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02x7b_x	What is the name of an album by buck-tick?
www.freebase.com/m/07vgwn	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kp0pq	What's a characteristic of the pumi dog breed
www.freebase.com/m/0_f6nbd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/082db	who is the artist that released the recording cos'e quel stupore?
www.freebase.com/m/0dw4g	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/077_b5	What's a radio program that plays u2
www.freebase.com/m/048xh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What genre does kraftwerk perform?
www.freebase.com/m/065xz3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsdp0	What's the active ingredient found in telmisartan
www.freebase.com/m/05r3qc	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/03pptb	which places were filmed in space cowboys?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04svsr	what experimental musical group is known for its indie rock music
www.freebase.com/m/02hmdf9	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01dycg	what is the publisher company of code age commanders game
www.freebase.com/m/04w8c5n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what is the topic of the crime code?
www.freebase.com/m/01j2m0k	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015tj0	who is the artist for the album rant 'n rave with the stray cats
www.freebase.com/m/03wghzn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of film is anastasia: the mystery of anna
www.freebase.com/m/034zdct	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What media format is international pop overthrow, volume 7 in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wk6wd	www.freebase.com/business/consumer_product/product_line	www.freebase.com/m/07n8g5	What is the product line of kodak easyshare z1085 is?
www.freebase.com/m/0gddcgx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is polly ward?
www.freebase.com/m/01ydpv	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	Which netflix genre is withnail and i from
www.freebase.com/m/05yh_nb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is alan marks's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02z5v6	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cmc2	what war was michael seymour involved in
www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01vx8b6	Name a famous record producer
www.freebase.com/m/0g7bz	www.freebase.com/event/disaster/victims	www.freebase.com/m/05psbxn	Who was a victim of the columbine high school massacre?
www.freebase.com/m/0263ym0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	which austrailian state is shire of aramac in
www.freebase.com/m/01cpb_	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/bridges	www.freebase.com/m/0c7b5m	Which bridge crossed the monongahela river?
www.freebase.com/m/04wg2b_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03nfmq	What is the subject of the written work tracing the history of your house
www.freebase.com/m/01vx8xz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	In what genre is bonnie koloc's music?
www.freebase.com/m/03nlr5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was the film the hitcher from
www.freebase.com/m/0gn30	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0nfljp9	which movie was produced by sylvester stallone
www.freebase.com/m/07_2zn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where was sylvia lance harper born 
www.freebase.com/m/018ckn	www.freebase.com/location/in_state/judicial_capital	www.freebase.com/m/03fxfy	what is the judicial capital of arunachal pradesh
www.freebase.com/m/05l5n	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03yhv4f	Who was born in oxford
www.freebase.com/m/0zrmq_c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	What type of genre is cornered?
www.freebase.com/m/02q41sl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is pat studstill's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0dxbf7w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l00pg	Which artist is featured on the music album "the best of tommy dorsey?"
www.freebase.com/m/024rgt	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0818d7	what films were produced under new line cinema
www.freebase.com/m/0n3l6	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02rf2b	who was named after warren county
www.freebase.com/m/0gd6rs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05c0ms	where was the place of birth of panteleimon kulish
www.freebase.com/m/083cyc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	Which country was luis lópez nieves born in
www.freebase.com/m/0d5v_	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0j1csj9	which fantasy series were written by mercedes lackey?
www.freebase.com/m/0jsrykc	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language does francesco giubbilini speak
www.freebase.com/m/0g55v4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01znsy	Who wrote the poisoners
www.freebase.com/m/09d11	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/069mgv	What causes meningitis?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmw5p	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqnfz7	What's a drug that teva pharmaceutical industries makes
www.freebase.com/m/04b55f	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/05npqn	what is the comédie-française used for
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_9x0jm	what is an example of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/014j6k	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/participating_countries	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is a country that participated in the 1932 winter olympics
www.freebase.com/m/04w2y11	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What type of book is the road to balinor
www.freebase.com/m/0909wd	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what are the official colors for university of the virgin islands?
www.freebase.com/m/03bc7qm	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what type of disc was  kramahoperrata released on
www.freebase.com/m/02wv8xp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/01vl17	who is the creator of astro boy
www.freebase.com/m/02z1b_v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is damone johnson a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05c0vfs	What action film debuted in 1990
www.freebase.com/m/08gcyc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/07n2tx	Who created the character little mermaid
www.freebase.com/m/04wc4n1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01gcgm	What is the subject of the articles of confederation?
www.freebase.com/m/02rbtsm	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03mstc	what known director directed the vanishing duck
www.freebase.com/m/0b44783	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the film smarty
www.freebase.com/m/0s9ls4j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	in which country was when hari got married filmed
www.freebase.com/m/05krvf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/018dcy	Where is tim kingsbury from?
www.freebase.com/m/01931f	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/025_nbr	who did the costume design for sister kenny?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt37_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0g4nt2	what's the active ingredient of alprostadil 500 injection
www.freebase.com/m/02pqllp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is brian hunter from
www.freebase.com/m/0dlrh8	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/07mw4b	Which school district is st. petersburg high school apart  of?
www.freebase.com/m/0w_j3_g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g4y0	what mountain range is in bradavica
www.freebase.com/m/09gdpv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	what does aide iskandar do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0fv_zk	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09297v	Who was born in walkden
www.freebase.com/m/024tb7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gxblpx	what is the netflix genre of big fat liar 
www.freebase.com/m/02p3j2	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ddc6hs	what films are directed by brian blessed?
www.freebase.com/m/04czjfm	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	what type of rugby does chris chapman play 
www.freebase.com/m/047lh3t	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvdm	which lyricist worked on the composition five minutes more
www.freebase.com/m/01qk_r5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wqxdq	what artist released the album lee perry meets the mad professor
www.freebase.com/m/05btyqk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01dv4h	What art genre does portrait of helana van der schalcke fall into?
www.freebase.com/m/01l8sp8	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was up the dose
www.freebase.com/m/02rxgsc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is aerius of sebaste male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/05t592	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is cowichan lake in
www.freebase.com/m/0404q63	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_director/plays_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0kdty9_	What is the name of a play that stephen porter directed?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv50g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what type of movie is calamity anne's vanity?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtk6k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06mtq	Where did Mary Ann Aldersey die?
www.freebase.com/m/0ngxy	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0wmy7	what's a town in watonwan county, minnesota
www.freebase.com/m/06wfr2g	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/02yhc	WHat's a topic of questo of the roots
www.freebase.com/m/027ncf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	where was the movie blood: the last vampire released
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv7rn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03kq0q	whats the active ingredient in enbrel
www.freebase.com/m/03s0q9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0653bl0	Name someone born in pingtung city.
www.freebase.com/m/0gbzd8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	in which country is balestrino found
www.freebase.com/m/09jv1cm	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	which religion does ernst von manstein practice
www.freebase.com/m/066kww	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/01qsgt	What is a hub of the airline baboo (airline)
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/059bb0	What is a game with the gameplay mode single-player?
www.freebase.com/m/0mz58v	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0g7p5zj	What is the single little red rooster (feat. john sebastian) a version of?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsngq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What type of chemical formulation is zinc oxide, octinoxate 0.19/0.075 liquid classified?
www.freebase.com/m/02x22tp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	in what genre does briana scott perform
www.freebase.com/m/0b7xyj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in i will always love you
www.freebase.com/m/0h65k0q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of music is aziatix known for
www.freebase.com/m/0xq3gds	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is canti randagi 2
www.freebase.com/m/0drn_mn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	what is the release type of the album 22
www.freebase.com/m/05gz5	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/iucn_category/protected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/07wcy5	what is a national park in Wyoming 
www.freebase.com/m/013xrm	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0126zf	who is german?
www.freebase.com/m/085g49	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0pkyh	Who was the lyricist from ten years gone
www.freebase.com/m/0278t0l	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0880p	What language is the film poor relatives in?
www.freebase.com/m/02kl4x3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	What musician wrote not such a bad boy
www.freebase.com/m/03bv0hk	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01t0wb	What's a radio broadcast that features pri: selected shorts
www.freebase.com/m/0kj_5wy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where does bianca lattuada come from
www.freebase.com/m/034r0q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059g4	Where is the Alsea River located?
www.freebase.com/m/05zfkk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	berlin diary  focused on what subject
www.freebase.com/m/0bnqjs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06cn5	which latvian city did andrejs pumpurs die in
www.freebase.com/m/027r5c9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is samuel morley's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04rggn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	What genre of music does jota quest make?
www.freebase.com/m/044_wc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what type of film is robin hood 
www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0497vkf	What is the name of a place in maryland
www.freebase.com/m/01slycn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0b8_qc	Who made the album the looks?
www.freebase.com/m/0mbm63n	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dv4122	what release is the song raphael on
www.freebase.com/m/07hq4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l8t72	which albums were released by the bay city rollers?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbh6nl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	What is the subject of the book titled evolution in science and religion
www.freebase.com/m/0cp8rg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	Which type of school is west orange high school
www.freebase.com/m/05sxpqw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	which type of film is emma released in?
www.freebase.com/m/07mtk5	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n8r	theudigisel's religion can be said to be?
www.freebase.com/m/0464kw0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was gold rush maisie about 
www.freebase.com/m/0dshmb	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bby21y	who wrote the film jindabyne
www.freebase.com/m/05jc1q	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22cv	what netflix genre is the film  saathiya
www.freebase.com/m/09czt5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in caffeine
www.freebase.com/m/02pptc4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	which asteroid group contains 13070 seanconnery
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0660h8v	what is an action/adventure netflix title
www.freebase.com/m/04wprc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was the cause of death of burt gillett
www.freebase.com/m/0bwfzyw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is valerie vaz's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0_3vm3c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	whats the genre of the film  la venganza de huracán ramírez
www.freebase.com/m/074pfz	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0phtk	what kind of work does birdlife international do
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f56g6	what is a area in india
www.freebase.com/m/047t0zc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What is the nationality of barry simon?
www.freebase.com/m/0466f2x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019_nn	What is the subject of the book secrets?
www.freebase.com/m/02z34d7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of netflix film is razor blade smile labeled under?
www.freebase.com/m/0pk1kc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fl3	which artist recorded a version of santa claus is coming to town 
www.freebase.com/m/09pbl2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what is the book genre of crossings?
www.freebase.com/m/02qlzf1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is new religion?
www.freebase.com/m/04tthp	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0kvv6	who is a character in the play by jeeves
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02qymd0	name someone who is well known for painting
www.freebase.com/m/0jzhg_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	from what european country is anna campion from
www.freebase.com/m/04j5h6s	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/01dws	what type of animal is funshine bear?
www.freebase.com/m/01cy1c	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	What religion does bhumibol adulyadej follow
www.freebase.com/m/0cbvhd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0175zz	what type of music is from a scream to a whisper
www.freebase.com/m/0bdlj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0by108v	what albums are by duke ellington
www.freebase.com/m/06669	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/06s0k4	Who are characters that have psychokinesis abilities?
www.freebase.com/m/0_gtq	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mw89	what county is avonmore apart of
www.freebase.com/m/07r_p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09c120	which offensive tackle was born in tallinn
www.freebase.com/m/02pr1d6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03b79	what nationality is alfred neumann 
www.freebase.com/m/03yggzy	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is 29431 shijimi?
www.freebase.com/m/0241_jr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01t9984	who is the artist that recorded timeless
www.freebase.com/m/06xr93z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/039cq4	what series is the episode seth rogen/phoenix from?
www.freebase.com/m/03hkbty	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05lls	What style of music is antonio braga in
www.freebase.com/m/0gg6f6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	where in the world is otago museum
www.freebase.com/m/0gcs62c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	oswaldo calvo identifies with what country?
www.freebase.com/m/01rcz0	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0prjs	who produced the film loves labours lost
www.freebase.com/m/03hkj64	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	What type of martial art does paddy barnes perform
www.freebase.com/m/02qbj4l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was manslaughter filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsbdxv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07srw	what state is antelope valley in?
www.freebase.com/m/01rlgqs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/087zwh	what company is kino signed with?
www.freebase.com/m/01bczm	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0z17j2	Name a track produced by bryan adams.
www.freebase.com/m/0f603jk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f1w50g	what tracks are on be heard?
www.freebase.com/m/045p9_r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/068cn	which region contains asti docg
www.freebase.com/m/03czw5g	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_theme_song/theme_song_for	www.freebase.com/m/0cwrr	what is can you tell me how to get to sesame street? the theme song for 
www.freebase.com/m/0ht5	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/spacecraft/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01gcl8	Who manufactured apollo 8
www.freebase.com/m/0y6yxt9	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is d. angus macdonald's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0t7x1	What is a place in united states
www.freebase.com/m/0crydsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which genre on netflix is drawing the line: a portrait of keith haring found under
www.freebase.com/m/0492gw4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0np4b	What country is cullen village within
www.freebase.com/m/0k10t	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/06v9rd	who died from hyperthermia
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0vndf3g	Name a heavy metal album
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gyvb2n	Name a location in california
www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bb7d_3	What is a composition by bob dylan?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2bn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of the drug formulation laura lynn anticavity whitening plus mouthwash
www.freebase.com/m/03g91wp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was burgundy released as?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmlh09	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/079grg9	whats the name of an episode from  the look for less - season 3
www.freebase.com/m/0k_ts2d	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what sex is gabriella
www.freebase.com/m/0c0vl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where was the death place of marwan al-shehhi
www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0drh4r	What's a band signed to universal music group
www.freebase.com/m/03pfth	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02wk69	what kind of school is albuquerque academy
www.freebase.com/m/046crdh	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02nd_	where is the location of charlie chan on broadway
www.freebase.com/m/0p79_dr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was luna mesa filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0zxx3tw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what music format is in germany before the war
www.freebase.com/m/0f959l8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was definitive hits released?
www.freebase.com/m/0s7sly	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gcs9	who is the artist that recorded darkness on the edge of town
www.freebase.com/m/018z_5r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lvrm78	what song is pablo picasso a recorded version of?
www.freebase.com/m/06_90t2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mq17	what county is rogers-odaniel house apart of
www.freebase.com/m/07nx7vn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02z0j	where in germany was heinz moog born in?
www.freebase.com/m/03jbmcl	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What was the release format of what hides inside
www.freebase.com/m/01y_v2	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/royal_line	www.freebase.com/m/0c5fr	henri, grand duke of luxembourg is the monarch of what royal line?
www.freebase.com/m/027f42	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	what position does michael vick play
www.freebase.com/m/0gfrz7_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what sort of movie is the d train
www.freebase.com/m/01q65fc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is jackrosekensington gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02vmtpt	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What positon does baseball player tom timmermann play?
www.freebase.com/m/01jmkdl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is be my guest?
www.freebase.com/m/0f577z3	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0f309kt	what is a version of alaska called
www.freebase.com/m/0bxzjv1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01ftz	what is the topic of sparta systems
www.freebase.com/m/0gz44j	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/089g6	what political movement did keren hayesod believe in 
www.freebase.com/m/0dw2rv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/072_wj	where is mullaitivu at?
www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0fx8hs	What's a sports game made by midway games
www.freebase.com/m/0dj5jvl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is sunny madeline sandler from
www.freebase.com/m/0gbz1k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is ranzo?
www.freebase.com/m/0fp_y7_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what kind of music is on the album o.k. ken?
www.freebase.com/m/0f1lk6	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is the way up?
www.freebase.com/m/0gntjm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is the nationality of parker macdonald?
www.freebase.com/m/02r3p7h	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/026jh2	who was poinsett bridge named after 
www.freebase.com/m/01lms6z	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0339t2y	What was a release of the album middle man?
www.freebase.com/m/0zjb2_g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is korean parents in
www.freebase.com/m/018cjqb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012_6c	which artist recorded being with you
www.freebase.com/m/04y9zvl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is jamal sadat's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/0270r2x	Which station plays classical music?
www.freebase.com/m/04wjcy5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the topic of how to do the history of homosexuality
www.freebase.com/m/03j2gr0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	What is john massari best known for
www.freebase.com/m/0v9wy14	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Which city in Illinois was ed randolph born in?
www.freebase.com/m/026snb3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is horst bollmann from
www.freebase.com/m/0h1gh0w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is john viener a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/0893__	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/012lzc	what is the topic of the written piece named richest man in babylon
www.freebase.com/m/04t1tfw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What type of book is bumper crop / joe r. lansdale.
www.freebase.com/m/026cth1	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/019kn7	Which ethnicity is yuji uekawa?
www.freebase.com/m/040hk8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l6jm1	what album did the artist tuxedomoon make
www.freebase.com/m/0cqpb0	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was look who's talking now a featured film?
www.freebase.com/m/0206_0l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n5j_	what's in the area covered by the zip code 07436
www.freebase.com/m/0493cmw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is polkville?
www.freebase.com/m/0809j61	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is judas filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02_3rh1	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	which company published the game ncaa football 08
www.freebase.com/m/01b_x0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02kbj8p	What is uss indiana (bb-58)?
www.freebase.com/m/05n32	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/05lm8	Which book does odysseus appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0_mk11r	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/017f4y	Who wrote the lyrics for 12/8 blues (all the same)?
www.freebase.com/m/01v1x3m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01q940	WHat label is sulk signed to
www.freebase.com/m/05p2jpt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	which two genres does sometimes i wish we were an eagle blend together
www.freebase.com/m/0243rjn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/035kzwk	What is the recording flesh off of?
www.freebase.com/m/0dt1ws2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is monterey international pop festival?
www.freebase.com/m/04ns6y_	www.freebase.com/type/property/expected_type	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is the expected type of author
www.freebase.com/m/047dv2q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0tyql	where is nathan and mary (polly) johnson properties found 
www.freebase.com/m/05c4shg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fk98	Where did aranmula ponnamma die
www.freebase.com/m/0272y27	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	what kinds of music is low estate
www.freebase.com/m/059cg25	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06c6l	What is the book yellowstone treasures about
www.freebase.com/m/026l214	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	is one to one pop music or rock
www.freebase.com/m/0k1sm	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bp4xg	what is a composition from paul dukas?
www.freebase.com/m/07rgg3	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/096hm	Who wrote the film the pink panther?
www.freebase.com/m/011w9y	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0717_v	who is a person born in gretna green
www.freebase.com/m/05p30l	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	which religion did mary butts subscribe to
www.freebase.com/m/0pmq2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02vztm0	who was born in winnipeg?
www.freebase.com/m/0kt6x3	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what is ali akbar nategh nouri's religion
www.freebase.com/m/0cyx58	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	which city as the area code 985
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hl6cw	Name an album.
www.freebase.com/m/04b1mz_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	What state is ringgold in
www.freebase.com/m/04j2m25	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	which language was red satin recorded in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fpn8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01mgt0	what is a city in ulster county, new york
www.freebase.com/m/03fzkb7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023361	the great train robbery is by who
www.freebase.com/m/047pf7n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016cjb	what genre does shoji tabuchi perform
www.freebase.com/m/03cl8	www.freebase.com/computer/software/languages_used	www.freebase.com/m/01t6b	what software language does gnucash use
www.freebase.com/m/09v6h7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/015k7	Who was jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/03mjcl	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/037cm	what is the software for pwm (window manager)
www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f6hpq	Name a reggae artist
www.freebase.com/m/01wl7p	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/024f68	what politic party supports christian democracy?
www.freebase.com/m/01ty5z	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0nwlzh	what tracks did the future sound of london produce
www.freebase.com/m/0jsldgt	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/04z5f3	where on tv did the culinary fight flay vs. greenspan take place
www.freebase.com/m/04wdbkh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05ftb5	who authored birds of prey vol. 5
www.freebase.com/m/0_f3hqn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0bp5pk8	What language is sprout in?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ht1hp	Name a compilation album. 
www.freebase.com/m/05d2gj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of anna christina radziwill?
www.freebase.com/m/03f_hkb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is kontinuum
www.freebase.com/m/07y8xh	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	What language is the r-point film in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bvrjh4	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	what state is featured in seven days in may?
www.freebase.com/m/02799cv	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gv2r	Who directed the film  the purple heart
www.freebase.com/m/04y87qr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what genre is a diamond rio christmas: the star still shines?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0f25rf	Who is a well-known painting artist
www.freebase.com/m/0fv5m5_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fs5jvk	What track was featured on the release jazz in the charts 075 (1943-1944)
www.freebase.com/m/01crlm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0261v0w	Who was born in petah tikva?
www.freebase.com/m/03bzn0q	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which netflix genre is aggar apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/03nn7l2	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/047cxf8	What film aired at the 2009 sundance film festival?
www.freebase.com/m/02h6p1f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/060dvc	Name a botanist
www.freebase.com/m/0rfhl57	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music is played in burn the world
www.freebase.com/m/0dvjfsj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what area is the release nevermind from 
www.freebase.com/m/0_l6mmq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the film kingman from?
www.freebase.com/m/02x68ww	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country category does netflix put as luck would have it
www.freebase.com/m/03hd1m	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/016yzz	who has joseph chaikin influenced?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdtvw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what genre is bloodfist vi: ground zero
www.freebase.com/m/0b7dcq3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05f_3	what is the language of the crossing?
www.freebase.com/m/0cn_g52	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftn8	where was sorj chalandon born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs3qt	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01nxyd	what ingredient is contained in white petrolatum 0.999 ointment
www.freebase.com/m/04w3xnb	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04xncpj	what is the edition of washington irving
www.freebase.com/m/07s7gk6	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01mrdzy	Who is an artist that plays rap rock
www.freebase.com/m/065yqrn	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/015pxr	who influenced ben green
www.freebase.com/m/0g2kgxf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was the war: i'm beginning to see the light album released
www.freebase.com/m/03gt4h6	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	Which position does kurt schumacher play
www.freebase.com/m/01hqdy7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What type of music genre is just whitney...?
www.freebase.com/m/03344y1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0qk8r63	what's a song on the album the jungle book
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01frxn9	What's an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/0dt7tbq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0978r	Where did session americana start off
www.freebase.com/m/028gyl	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0149h0	who was  edwin morgan influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/02wytyz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0k424	Where was birger maertens born
www.freebase.com/m/0j6wrl2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02fj9h	who recorded september
www.freebase.com/m/0pc86ft	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/05n03fv	Who created the character brackenfoot?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01q559v	This album is indie rock
www.freebase.com/m/07gb1q	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/05_5rjx	to what film did lennie niehaus contribute music 
www.freebase.com/m/04t7n4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	Is semmelweis university a public or private school
www.freebase.com/m/0swr2d	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9mm	Who recorded hoodlum?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/052922	What's an example of a speculative fiction work
www.freebase.com/m/047gbv7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of book is waiting for the galactic bus?
www.freebase.com/m/07s39s2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02xhr73	Maryna Zanevska is what kind of a player?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqj0ms	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0bryly0	who is the manufacturer for soriatane 25 capsule
www.freebase.com/m/03j0gb5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	what type of rock does anton newcombe play
www.freebase.com/m/04j1byy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film doomed at sundown
www.freebase.com/m/059c8m2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d685	What subject does knitting for dummies cover
www.freebase.com/m/0bdqcxk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05dl5wk	what episode did burt brinckerhoff direct
www.freebase.com/m/04_8v_h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of movie is the mystery of samba
www.freebase.com/m/0gldy8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	WHat genre does when boys fly fall under
www.freebase.com/m/04c1458	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is patrick henry?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0xnlhvv	Who is a popular actor
www.freebase.com/m/0drwth	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	from what eastern city is rusty magee from
www.freebase.com/m/08z7wh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is kao challengers
www.freebase.com/m/02qggzm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/068p2	Where was bobby del greco born?
www.freebase.com/m/04w458z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/08hczj	who is the author for certifiable?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqggff	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what shape is tamoxifen citrate 20 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0d5w2q	whats the title of a bollywood movie
www.freebase.com/m/02rhmnl	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	what position does hank bartos play in american football
www.freebase.com/m/02vlrmq	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	what position does antone davis play
www.freebase.com/m/03f67dn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	what is the origin of the artist akido
www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0495q64	What's a town in louisiana?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhhrmn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	which language is spoken in 8th wonderland
www.freebase.com/m/0fwvxqf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fwvxng	What is the name of a release from the recording oxford
www.freebase.com/m/065zh2l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qchgvr	which tracks were produced by the artist j. cole?
www.freebase.com/m/026m33s	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	whats curtis pulleys profession
www.freebase.com/m/01h7qjr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What kind of music is hotter than july
www.freebase.com/m/03ygw9d	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is 6281 strnad 
www.freebase.com/m/01682d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fyy7yz	Name a track by Wishbone Ash. 
www.freebase.com/m/063fh9	www.freebase.com/media_common/adaptation/adapted_from	www.freebase.com/m/01k43c	what was the chronicles of narnia: prince caspian adapted from
www.freebase.com/m/04lsfm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is edgar reitz known for
www.freebase.com/m/03cr0pb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of genre is hobgoblins 2
www.freebase.com/m/0hmyfsv	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0gh3lq	Name one of the founders of facebook, inc.
www.freebase.com/m/054r0l	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wf78y	what books has hannah whitall smith written
www.freebase.com/m/0q5v51_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0hg6h	what format was venus released on?
www.freebase.com/m/02rxpkm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	where is the wood river township
www.freebase.com/m/0cnl6m	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09y4k1	who directed fancy pants (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/01vwfxm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpyt8	what is shannon hamm known for 
www.freebase.com/m/01hw2kt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the content type of todd terry's greatest hits?
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01s4h0d	Who is a ambient music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0dydsnf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dydsms	What album features the song atlanta
www.freebase.com/m/05qfkgg	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02y49	Who was the author of the book swords against death
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hm28q	What was the name of a game version publisjhed by electronic arts
www.freebase.com/m/04w9rmk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What was the genre of the book the campaign of chancellorsville
www.freebase.com/m/04tgkh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	What genre of music does rage perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4qrt8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/04g5k	Where was people out there filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0dyd1h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where did remergence get their start at? 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/07sb452	What is a compilation album from 2006 
www.freebase.com/m/02xqbq	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/01lb2m1	what is the soundtrack for of mice and men called 
www.freebase.com/m/0vmvw2z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09969	what caused the death of wendy goldstein
www.freebase.com/m/05p9nmj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	what country gives nationality to frédéric studer
www.freebase.com/m/01d6nc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04fnrhx	what type of ruler was ptolemy xii auletes
www.freebase.com/m/0f7fpz5	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was destination unknown released?
www.freebase.com/m/0390pdh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lq486y	what is the track list from the release the gold collection?
www.freebase.com/m/0dhmzj	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	what is the lowest grade taught in ponderosa high school, parker, colorado
www.freebase.com/m/01k07t3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is television a song or album
www.freebase.com/m/06b2gb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is robinson cano?
www.freebase.com/m/01kf_g9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is the outsider?
www.freebase.com/m/05q6tm	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0vg8	which industry does carib aviation operate in?
www.freebase.com/m/01jzqrj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrnxc	Which artist recorded the album fun with knives?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwdhx8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	what area is fly by night from 
www.freebase.com/m/0nlh7	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0610tz	What is a lacrosse team in edmonton
www.freebase.com/m/03wjb7	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_j781n	What is a song written by robyn hitchcock?
www.freebase.com/m/025s1mt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018_2z	what was the place of birth of isabella neville
www.freebase.com/m/044qcxr	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/04f40pf	What place appears in the gallery of location of itauguá
www.freebase.com/m/03wh46h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/06v99d	who is the program creator of magdusa ka?
www.freebase.com/m/02q8r5m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What kind of film is the mountain of the cannibal god?
www.freebase.com/m/01l_q0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/04r413t	what is a classic car by mercury
www.freebase.com/m/0kxf160	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	what does mohd fakharudin bin mohd bahar do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/03mh4g	what game requires single-player
www.freebase.com/m/0355dz	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04qywk	who plays as a small forward in basketball
www.freebase.com/m/0v_70nf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	what country is manos hajidakis: eidolo ston kathrefti from
www.freebase.com/m/016xf4s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kznm4b	what is a track on the recording tell me you love me
www.freebase.com/m/0zln84b	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vw5v0	What composer wrote legalize it?
www.freebase.com/m/05nrk7v	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/02plp2	what platform is pro evolution soccer 2009 made for
www.freebase.com/m/0661mr	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hm6sm	what is a game developed by mystique
www.freebase.com/m/03cy3sz	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0g53ttk	which film did alex chapple direct
www.freebase.com/m/0hzbyfv	www.freebase.com/zoos/zoo_exhibit/species	www.freebase.com/m/053k03	What is a species that is found at the discovery outpost children's zoo
www.freebase.com/m/0ck653t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	Which country does nesrin cavadzade have their nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0cs61bl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what film genre is the book club?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddgc4y	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0164nb	who is the parent of hayley hasselhoff?
www.freebase.com/m/02mr6p	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/focus_city_for	www.freebase.com/m/02cm1g	what airline flies out of hannover airport
www.freebase.com/m/05clclc	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	what platform is used for the game fantasy earth: the ring of dominion
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gm12m	what is a place located in italy
www.freebase.com/m/08sv1d	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l63	where did charlie tully die
www.freebase.com/m/02qg_7h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01zrq0	where did johnny doyle die 
www.freebase.com/m/050ks	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049zby7	What is a located based in maine?
www.freebase.com/m/0fpq3d_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	Where is the film so much for justice! from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhb3h5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what object does  25511 annlipinsky orbit
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0_qzvlr	Name a film drama
www.freebase.com/m/066d0t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0428cn	how did greg page die
www.freebase.com/m/03m6zj5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what nationality is harvey lim
www.freebase.com/m/03yzn06	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f3_5j0	What is a track on the authenticité - the syliphone years release?
www.freebase.com/m/034gdt	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is rubén quevedo known as?
www.freebase.com/m/025dvc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is zacharias werner's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0df4vl	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what kinds of movie is that'll be the day in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01gf5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d9jr	Where was chris cornell born?
www.freebase.com/m/048qhb5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m2hs	Which county is raynham located in
www.freebase.com/m/048x_10	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country does kalua‘aha belong to
www.freebase.com/m/026tdqj	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0hhw586	Name a work by brian selznick.
www.freebase.com/m/04t0pw2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was ghost legion written in?
www.freebase.com/m/01l0k9y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0f_gzfj	what is the name of an album by gwen guthrie
www.freebase.com/m/0ksqdl	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which football position does marius ebbers play?
www.freebase.com/m/04v2vm2	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/014635	who authored personal recollections of joan of arc?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09g9y0l	What's an album by the band portal
www.freebase.com/m/05c4zr2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is the film the girl in the picture under?
www.freebase.com/m/0x17vh5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is sébastien menestrier's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwx1fk	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of new denver
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ddfbpm	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/027f4j	www.freebase.com/computer/internet_protocol/software_used_by	www.freebase.com/m/05nfz	what operating system uses ssh file transfer protocol
www.freebase.com/m/0hn1wvw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	what is shannon kendall known for
www.freebase.com/m/018ndc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0bwhyfz	what album is by the dixie chicks?
www.freebase.com/m/0m_zqtv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g8bvrq	What album can david be found on?
www.freebase.com/m/0rt_x	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06_nclq	what is in canton
www.freebase.com/m/0d0g4x	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0cl53	who are the parents of margaret of england?
www.freebase.com/m/02pjtjt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is the location of duncan of jordanstone college of art and design?
www.freebase.com/m/062bf_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of the fictional character Rose Dewitt Bukater?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdl6xx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is maciej wojdyla
www.freebase.com/m/01hh6q3	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fh1gr	What year was whitesnake (album) released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03h2c	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/088nnl	what cyclone affeted honduras
www.freebase.com/m/05gmt2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05qzvc	Who is someone that was born in nesterov?
www.freebase.com/m/02vynnj	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	What position does the soccer athlete joaquín enrique valerio play
www.freebase.com/m/06w221d	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	What kind of school is fudan international school
www.freebase.com/m/034p3p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kinds of music is cosmo's factory
www.freebase.com/m/01tnlm6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0177z	What city was joseph-hector fiocco born?
www.freebase.com/m/033q6_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	What genre of music does catamenia produce
www.freebase.com/m/0gkklws	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03k2yl	who directed drawing restraint 17 
www.freebase.com/m/0cwrpx	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/0x2j1	what is the 1964 adaption of the work fail-safe?
www.freebase.com/m/02qg470	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	what record label is you kikkawa a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0gl5jzh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is mateojordache. from
www.freebase.com/m/0fqrcfj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is santa claus is coming to town a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/02r67yl	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	What type of lake is sardis lake (oklahoma)?
www.freebase.com/m/04307p2	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mtrhv	who sang the song 1club.fm: tha flava (uncensored)
www.freebase.com/m/01ssth	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/013xrm	what's moritz cantor ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/01hmpbn	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was islands released
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y818r	Name an asteroid discovered on September 26, 19998
www.freebase.com/m/01lfgx_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was room on fire released 
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01g3v9	Name a historic town in england
www.freebase.com/m/027m___	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	What genre of music is the album yesterday is time killed?
www.freebase.com/m/06_y6s4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	what country created the film el hijo del crack
www.freebase.com/m/024jc1	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	What is the geographic scope of the new zealand police?
www.freebase.com/m/011ys5	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p111l	what is a farce film
www.freebase.com/m/0b4z87	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what composition form is hallowed be thy name
www.freebase.com/m/03flt9r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014kjf6	what is a song off the album india
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0c1f78s	Who is a famous Austrian film director?
www.freebase.com/m/04t51rf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05bcl	What is one of the subjects of torn away?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3bb7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	what is jacques gréber's city of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2lvn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019_nn	what is the topic of show business kills?
www.freebase.com/m/01hc38	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/07xnmw	what is the architectural style of the apsley house?
www.freebase.com/m/012n6d	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/0k11z7g	what is used to treat shock (circulatory)
www.freebase.com/m/02tp_m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0_kf99j	what album has steve hogarth released 
www.freebase.com/m/05zm2nk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05ng6y4	Name the name of a tv episode that simon blackwell has written
www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048vqk9	What's a city in georgia (u.s. state)
www.freebase.com/m/076dj2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What kind of film is tumko na bhool payenge
www.freebase.com/m/0ftqr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04ffqzr	What's a full length album released by nobuo uematsu
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048vsj8	what area can be found within the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0gbllhs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what nationality is johan löfstedt
www.freebase.com/m/0g21zq	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the day you went away: the best of m2m
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02t5gq	what is a studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwjj	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/championships	www.freebase.com/m/0cs1gb	Name a year the boston celtics won the NBA finals. 
www.freebase.com/m/0c77yrh	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Which city was the poland book edition published in
www.freebase.com/m/04bfst	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dwfj0j	What is one of china crisis's track titles?
www.freebase.com/m/026_qsl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What time of album is the "Greatest Hits"?
www.freebase.com/m/014d3y	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zhdmk5	What did tanita tikaram write the lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/025vhjk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	What genre of program is supernews
www.freebase.com/m/02yh8l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f1y85	who is the most influential female k-pop singer?
www.freebase.com/m/0j9lndx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is showgirls 2: pennys from heaven in?
www.freebase.com/m/026tfns	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what did ann marie fleming do?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_frd	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/016z4k	what types of movie is jann arden: a work in progress in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/06x76	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	where is the st. louis rams located
www.freebase.com/m/07chrfp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is the show the x show from
www.freebase.com/m/0f9vyvt	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country was the piano concerto no. 1 released in
www.freebase.com/m/0lsc7v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n41w	who recorded the tower of london
www.freebase.com/m/07cc8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/07ff9c	Who is a character who had the power of telepathy
www.freebase.com/m/02sd8n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04p9tf	Where was abdul halim of kedah born
www.freebase.com/m/04t0nd7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	whats a subject of japan in war and peace
www.freebase.com/m/05h52lq	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	what style was mercantile trust and deposit company built in 
www.freebase.com/m/0dcp_	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/061cqw	Name somebody affected by cystic fibrosis
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/03d1d2w	Which kind of school are considered public school (government funded)?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxw89z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fsqh6k	which group recorded night 
www.freebase.com/m/02qrmp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02vy781	which individual was born in revelstoke
www.freebase.com/m/0bw6xy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fsyj3f	what track is named after a famous painting and made by 101 strings
www.freebase.com/m/05f49zr	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0h0vk	What art movement was franz west involved with
www.freebase.com/m/026_y02	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	what style of rock music does day three of my new life play
www.freebase.com/m/0f_sdx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	What is collette dinnigan's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0l4st	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01v8c	What is heinrich böll's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/021p3y	www.freebase.com/aviation/airliner_accident/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/0q03j	What type of aircraft is delta air lines flight 191
www.freebase.com/m/0f11g_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats the language of  bang bang (my baby shot me down)
www.freebase.com/m/02pwvjc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05pszv6	what is the title of an episode form the show  rent-a-goalie
www.freebase.com/m/04jlc6l	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what is the appropriate genre of the film accused
www.freebase.com/m/074rzq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is nykesha sales's national origin
www.freebase.com/m/0538mc	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wg2mr	what is written by william willimon?
www.freebase.com/m/0hql1fw	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/02t15y	Who manufactures perphenazine 4 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/07y0kg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	in which area is wynyard located
www.freebase.com/m/04v04d5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	what was the binding for the book the portrait of a lady
www.freebase.com/m/0bjv0x	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03nn5jh	who is the writer of perfect creature
www.freebase.com/m/0cbymz	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd8	what is gymkata rated?
www.freebase.com/m/052vjl	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0blvz	what is the make of the buick limited
www.freebase.com/m/0v3862q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is james margelony's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02yv00	What is an example of a netflix sitcom
www.freebase.com/m/0dykwv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vgjh	who composed the song love comes quickly
www.freebase.com/m/0fr8m9k	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w4yj2	mixed race  album was produced by who
www.freebase.com/m/0lmc580	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/012fws3	what is the title track of stay
www.freebase.com/m/0drffd5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01vjb81	Who was the producer on the song smooth criminal?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwb2t7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country is maurice najman from?
www.freebase.com/m/03jgk8x	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of musical compilation is the free for all tour (demo)
www.freebase.com/m/01qhmg2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	what kind of music is fousque
www.freebase.com/m/0ktztm3	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	What instrument does jason roberts play?
www.freebase.com/m/0crth_	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02ts_f	which military commander was involved in the battle of cádiz?
www.freebase.com/m/0d43th	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/0hdwt	what does larry darby advocate for
www.freebase.com/m/0_m_gsz	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	which art form is north korea
www.freebase.com/m/04zyms0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is conrad ansorge's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0462ty3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is the category for the celestial object 11628 katuhikoikeda?
www.freebase.com/m/0gb977c	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	what is the label of the release great fire?
www.freebase.com/m/027mkms	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	is margaret alva a politician or a technician 
www.freebase.com/m/02882_	www.freebase.com/internet/website_owner/websites_owned	www.freebase.com/m/065x3t	What is the name of the website own by ziff davis? 
www.freebase.com/m/0z4chmn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0z4c1gy	which recordings contain the track oman?
www.freebase.com/m/0d6xph	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of music does waterclime perform 
www.freebase.com/m/01k8700	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	what genre is kapital?
www.freebase.com/m/04vfp7r	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/05qhwhv	who is the publisher of cleopatra
www.freebase.com/m/0dmzr_8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vxc2j	what's one orchestra that performed symphony no. 2 / variations on a theme by haydn
www.freebase.com/m/02654yb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of paul j. swain?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxgp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gr69	what artists broadcast's pop rock 80s music
www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09bz5z	what is a natural bay with 1 mile long beach located in scotland
www.freebase.com/m/05g3b	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/championships	www.freebase.com/m/0_gt_qg	what championship did new england patriots win?
www.freebase.com/m/03y5c38	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What celestial body does 21250 kamikouchi orbit
www.freebase.com/m/08c_49	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	What industry is sega technical institute apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2_h5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/09wq9	who authored the book grace abounding to the chief of sinners
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w5fw2	what book is a work of fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/03jhf9j	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was yaarana distributed
www.freebase.com/m/0264qq0	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/026w5hv	What type of museum is kunsthaus graz?
www.freebase.com/m/0l9978m	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035hqdk	What album is earth from?
www.freebase.com/m/01cqfm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jsm_8	What is an album by andré previn
www.freebase.com/m/0ky4d1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre of music did Michael Johns produce?
www.freebase.com/m/02lvfq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0swpft1	whats the name of a television comedy program
www.freebase.com/m/0kd14vq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ggy67	Where was mouhamed diop born?
www.freebase.com/m/07qxfy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzk0	What is bluey?
www.freebase.com/m/042ww_	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/02468n3	what has jimmy jam and terry lewis produced 
www.freebase.com/m/02z6yz_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/0kyq3s4	what's a game that was released on the ipod classic
www.freebase.com/m/07rrxb	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	what type of faith does david seaborg practice
www.freebase.com/m/05qh53_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of fiction is the cerulean storm
www.freebase.com/m/013cv_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is clayton from
www.freebase.com/m/0c9v6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0f6s3vw	Name an album by william schwenck gilbert.
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsk88	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what kind of drug is fosinopril sodium and hydrochlorothiazide
www.freebase.com/m/0_jyqjf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the day
www.freebase.com/m/0265pt7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nstr	what county is west point based in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtt_p	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	what is the active ingredient of nuglow daytime therapy with spf 15 
www.freebase.com/m/0b77z7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	what is hernán gumy best known for
www.freebase.com/m/0h54j9g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	what's the best genre description of the album unmistakeably rainbow trout
www.freebase.com/m/0g60z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0clfjb	what is an episode of the west wing
www.freebase.com/m/0zjnrnk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	Who was the lyricist for the song neighborhood bully?
www.freebase.com/m/03kts	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0w2s45	what songs have harry connick, jr. produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0yny5nf	www.freebase.com/theater/play/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/06m61	Who was the lyricist for the play only the lonely - the roy orbison story?
www.freebase.com/m/065v32	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is wei-liang chow's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04t0prl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/017yzc	which are the main subjects in the work queen victoria?
www.freebase.com/m/06r806	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/052cdm	what building did edward clarke cabot design?
www.freebase.com/m/0qt743	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	who sang in the song ev'rybody wants to be a cat (aristocats)
www.freebase.com/m/04lh0t6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language do the characters speak in la petite morte
www.freebase.com/m/038903	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	keeper of the keys is what type of book
www.freebase.com/m/04wcphd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0c5c3w	Who wrote nixon and kissinger: partners in power
www.freebase.com/m/0jt7d45	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is girl of the rio
www.freebase.com/m/059rby	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/03qnljw	what mountain range is in new york?
www.freebase.com/m/08h7jy	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/02rbcm	what city has a neighborhood called quality hill
www.freebase.com/m/0zv41gy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Actor kang min-ho was born where?
www.freebase.com/m/0qz3z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kq39	where is cantua creek located 
www.freebase.com/m/02w97_k	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	Which country is the river pârâul noroios in
www.freebase.com/m/04w5t6n	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	What is the subject of designart
www.freebase.com/m/03fr7f6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dtg2wn	What is the name of the track from the album simple gifts?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwxp09	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is kitsuné tabloid
www.freebase.com/m/03_f0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jb5c4	Which album did johann sebastian bach record?
www.freebase.com/m/07d75	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is the film  triumph of the will from
www.freebase.com/m/01jxvbv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is happy reunion an album or studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/064r97z	what is the name of a drama film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06c60d7	Name a novel by Vladimir Nabokov
www.freebase.com/m/07mhr9	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	What sport is featured in the movie the greatest
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t2ck2	Name an adventure book
www.freebase.com/m/0wxx9q1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	in what language was salim the film in
www.freebase.com/m/04gbl3	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/04xh7mp	What's a video game made by ocean software
www.freebase.com/m/0bxzky	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03y0bvn	Who's a chief minister born in chapar, dhubri
www.freebase.com/m/044vlt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country contains castiglione olona
www.freebase.com/m/0q_6f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpyns	what is johannesburg most known for
www.freebase.com/m/09z8_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0fmvtw	Who was a musician involved in the film another gay movie?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fwqnm0	what is the name of the live album by 3oh!3
www.freebase.com/m/01m9b_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	What time zone is hooksett a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/07wxbw	Who was killed due to myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/027gn2c	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_h51	where was james j. manderino born
www.freebase.com/m/02ydjr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05drnmq	which fear factor episode involved wrecking balls
www.freebase.com/m/0kqlmh	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	what industry is the business straylight studios  in
www.freebase.com/m/04w6fys	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03ngg	what is the topic of great sex games?
www.freebase.com/m/06szqzv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yc3m	where was george townsend born?
www.freebase.com/m/0h4867	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	cd-i games from the legend of zelda series is an example of what kind of video game?
www.freebase.com/m/03bv32b	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dsx	What genre is the broadcast second life tips from the traveling avatar?
www.freebase.com/m/05nsm62	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/02plp2	The xbox game nhl 09 can be played on what platform?
www.freebase.com/m/0h6g2yp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0123gq	where was li shuangjiang given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0bk25	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04yf527	what invasions happened in macedon
www.freebase.com/m/062r37	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/iucn_category	www.freebase.com/m/05gz5	what kind of park is silent valley national park 
www.freebase.com/m/089d0v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country was palmetto from?
www.freebase.com/m/03bcmy4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lvzqmh	what track list is in the release tumble down slow
www.freebase.com/m/0cgjn1p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0slq8	Where was jan wiley birthed
www.freebase.com/m/01jfspv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what is the genre of the album faithful
www.freebase.com/m/0tnjqdx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of album is in the best of bartók
www.freebase.com/m/0kwf7c9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031153s	What release is independence from?
www.freebase.com/m/027yw01	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	Where is the movie dibu 3 from
www.freebase.com/m/037q2p	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	The university of detroit mercy is what type of institution?
www.freebase.com/m/04t16hr	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	What style of book is on beulah height?
www.freebase.com/m/0641wfg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/014vm4	in which Chinese city was chien shih-liang born
www.freebase.com/m/030v2v	www.freebase.com/automotive/manufacturing_plant/company	www.freebase.com/m/01x4pj	which company is a manufacturing longbridge plant
www.freebase.com/m/06_ggj	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprc8	what is the rating of orca (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0d6n1	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_subject/artwork_on_the_subject	www.freebase.com/m/0d918s	What is a piece of artwork about ballet?
www.freebase.com/m/0lk8c1j	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037rc33	what album is cuba on
www.freebase.com/m/0fp_twd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was the album vibrations?
www.freebase.com/m/05mxyhf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country in north america does mike mccoy belong to
www.freebase.com/m/073lqm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is paul mccandless from
www.freebase.com/m/093d_8	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	What is the legal structure of buffalo wild wings?
www.freebase.com/m/022dz2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/025zx	which book is written about orphanage
www.freebase.com/m/0824r	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010_15	Name a city located in wisconsin
www.freebase.com/m/04v7sr_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/041h0	Who is the author editor of the book the lord of the rings?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5337	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/05z40n	what city does bantayan airport serve
www.freebase.com/m/0dvkggn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/011c_mg	what is a song from three imaginary boys album
www.freebase.com/m/04b_jc	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k6k2z	who was the producer of the station agent
www.freebase.com/m/01dhrv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/080lcd	where was freddie jones born
www.freebase.com/m/03bd9yg	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jhqtz	what is a track from the album bulletproof
www.freebase.com/m/0382mk0	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	what record label released tasty
www.freebase.com/m/0fvthfg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qy0kf	what artist is responsible for recording io
www.freebase.com/m/01vy86j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0179q0	where is another joe from?
www.freebase.com/m/03gh1q	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/09p675s	What is a game that digital chocolate published?
www.freebase.com/m/0c41v41	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	where was the discovery location of 12615 mendesdeleon
www.freebase.com/m/032_f7l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01472x0	What's a track from lion in a cage
www.freebase.com/m/04rwfs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	what is fandi ahmad known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs6nl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	How is the drug face it oil cut dual bb emulsion spf20 applied to body
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmjc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06zfw	what is logic skateboard media: vol. 11 about 
www.freebase.com/m/0v_r5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	in which northern county is mansfield township located
www.freebase.com/m/01lwmz8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qyy3	What artist produced the album duane allman: an anthology, volume ii
www.freebase.com/m/02_sqq	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/04dz_y7	who did the cinematography for the medallion
www.freebase.com/m/0tk94z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kyf027	whats a track of the recording  1984
www.freebase.com/m/0ccj_tx	www.freebase.com/type/content/uploaded_by	www.freebase.com/m/0220tm0	who uploaded the content about poland to freebase
www.freebase.com/m/045rk92	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/05sx9	what was the fictional character seti i's occupation?
www.freebase.com/m/0v_m6lw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what type of artwork is roelof meulenaer on?
www.freebase.com/m/02gsfx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs205	what is immunoglobulin a the active ingredient in the formulation of
www.freebase.com/m/03tf5r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where did tom capone die?
www.freebase.com/m/0b74bnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what type of netflix genre is the title the chosen
www.freebase.com/m/0t541mj	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/03pty	what is the building function of the kohinoor asiana hotel
www.freebase.com/m/02_nmy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqstkg	what is the active moiety of formulation of matricaria chamomilla
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01trzn8	What is the name of an artist of ambient music?
www.freebase.com/m/0kwzfjh	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0315vbv	what is the release in which the track soldier is in
www.freebase.com/m/0h4ct	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0r4nc6r	who is a Russian Internet celeberity born in murmansk
www.freebase.com/m/0h66cbp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	what is amra sadiković knows most for
www.freebase.com/m/0k_pnr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is moni scarpa  from
www.freebase.com/m/071ygm	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/088x45	Who was the architect of jesuit church, vienna
www.freebase.com/m/03h10v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released tarzan and the leopard woman 
www.freebase.com/m/0mq1d6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/027dsn	Which artist recorded the militia ii (remix)?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6dyzs	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/06_wx	what is habib ali al-jifri's religion
www.freebase.com/m/076x9h1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y62n	which of the five boroughs is gabriel spera from 
www.freebase.com/m/02dw2t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bwkm2c	who was born in krasnodar
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2x9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/073l3	what form is potassium iodide 65 solution in 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh4qy	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what is the color of synthroid 112 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0w7dd40	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is matt rum?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgy6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/016n7b	where was kurt weill born
www.freebase.com/m/03kx2w	www.freebase.com/medicine/vaccine/infectious_disease	www.freebase.com/m/0g2q5	Which infectious disease is the vaccine dpt vaccine used to treat?
www.freebase.com/m/02gwtmj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04xrb2	Who wrote knights of the kitchen table?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnsyyx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0n5s16	what is the track from quickness
www.freebase.com/m/04lm64	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is mockingbird dont sing
www.freebase.com/m/0y6jh9v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what's jason krieger's country of origin
www.freebase.com/m/01v7h	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/person_in_fiction/representations_in_fiction	www.freebase.com/m/0h4pqw1	which fictional character does chuck yeager represent 
www.freebase.com/m/0fyfcjp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is elvis 75 - good rockin' tonight?
www.freebase.com/m/0ffwmyw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	Where was forgotten gods released
www.freebase.com/m/04yc76z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	What profession is andre brown known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0599c3k	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/vehicle_types	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	What kind of vehicle is the 9 bellamy
www.freebase.com/m/01w83z	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does maria shriver practice
www.freebase.com/m/048whz0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is keith located at?
www.freebase.com/m/01ktkt7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is joan baez in san francisco?
www.freebase.com/m/03cm4qx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xpzj	Where was frederick bayer born?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jk4hx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was blue composed in?
www.freebase.com/m/048ft8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02rsz0	who created elijah snow
www.freebase.com/m/0l1kp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rl4q	Where did melvil dewey die?
www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0nb54	which area can be found in london
www.freebase.com/m/01l3q_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is manuel lisa's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/047snz_	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	Where is far west?
www.freebase.com/m/01l6d_3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wczs9	what is a known track by 24-7 spyz
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048w6jx	what cities are in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/0tyql	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05p41mw	who was a US federal judge born in new bedford, massachusetts
www.freebase.com/m/08mn4kb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	david shaw is a citizen of which country?
www.freebase.com/m/0162b	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02ph559	what is in bangladesh?
www.freebase.com/m/01hg10j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what is the genre of the album electric landlady
www.freebase.com/m/0p7b7l0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in the film 82
www.freebase.com/m/0g0g0c	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08322	what was the genre of the tv show the duke of mount deer
www.freebase.com/m/0bk1p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03fz8cz	What is queen's compilation album called
www.freebase.com/m/015msr	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/alliance	www.freebase.com/m/01q1_c	what alliance does scandinavian airlines join
www.freebase.com/m/01tkh33	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where is the bomb's origins
www.freebase.com/m/01jknvs	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	WHat genre is from the vaults
www.freebase.com/m/0q8xwl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mx32s3	what is a track on chasing amy
www.freebase.com/m/04dflx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	the black cauldron is what type of book
www.freebase.com/m/0995x6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what's the school colors of kelvin grove state college
www.freebase.com/m/0g0q19	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does ashwin navin have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/043rj9g	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language does brian quintana speak
www.freebase.com/m/0x92541	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0xlqckm	What is the track list from the release titled lounge top 100
www.freebase.com/m/01lvgx9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01nln	where is wes madiko originally from
www.freebase.com/m/03bcl3	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/05n76v	What is a tourist attraction in salmon arm, british columbia
www.freebase.com/m/018x2v	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what ethnicity is nelson algren 
www.freebase.com/m/0f0byw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is barela?
www.freebase.com/m/02pj9kl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was edwin milton abbott born?
www.freebase.com/m/03fpb7v	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dngpfm	what is a song on the album ransom note and beyond (the best of dear enemy)
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrtqy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the drug category of guanfacine 1 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtb51	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the category for lortuss ex 
www.freebase.com/m/018p4y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rfklx6	What is a track by the artist  pierce brosnan
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04655x	Who is a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/04043t_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/062f2j	what kind of music does aisa senda play
www.freebase.com/m/05p3087	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/021npd	Where was jake pratt born
www.freebase.com/m/08p9f1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of movie is forever hardcore
www.freebase.com/m/0brgy	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/0c58k	what disease is anorexia (symptom) a symptom of 
www.freebase.com/m/0b66hfg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ksh	where was ray storey born
www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v9z3p8	who is a famous actor born in south korea
www.freebase.com/m/03wcbj9	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What was a nation involved in burma campaign 1944
www.freebase.com/m/0fynbjh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/038qmt	who is the recording artist for palo alto
www.freebase.com/m/035nm	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/079bdg	What is the legal structure of general motors?
www.freebase.com/m/0gdklbx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f1sm	where was tara sands in?
www.freebase.com/m/01lfth0	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03wysjm	What is an example of content that includes john waite
www.freebase.com/m/0q_3vvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Which city in america was h.b. barnum iii born in
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/06kg0c	Name a movie new york city was featured in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfbddk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of  the basic wagner (disc 2)
www.freebase.com/m/06c753	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/076y831	Who wrote lolita (1997 film)
www.freebase.com/m/035c25m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01d0v25	What is the track off of the complete cbs studio recordings of woody shaw
www.freebase.com/m/0c3_y0t	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what genre is the album ...to be loved: the best of papa roach
www.freebase.com/m/04vkxzz	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/026l9_	who is the author editor of the book david boring
www.freebase.com/m/0g9zzmp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is m. h. douglas
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0b28r_	Name a drama on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/037z46	Name a fictional human human character from Hanna-Barbera cartoons.
www.freebase.com/m/03d1zj7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of movie is portrait of chieko
www.freebase.com/m/01jnhz0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of rock music is march ör die
www.freebase.com/m/05v1b8	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/05jhg	What kind of content does wwj (am) radio station offer?
www.freebase.com/m/05zx4sx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where in canada was benjamin hart born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gnyvw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0c61p	Where is placanica contained
www.freebase.com/m/04w2rll	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	What is the subject of man of the hour?
www.freebase.com/m/09rhx5h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	what is isabelle welter known for being?
www.freebase.com/m/0ljflh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/02r_2gb	What song is ball and chain a recorded version of
www.freebase.com/m/043m195	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is kroy biermann's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03d9br4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01585b	what type of film is storm warning
www.freebase.com/m/01h92pb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album was sony music special products?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf3d7f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0gdxkcf	what is a track off alive in the fire
www.freebase.com/m/03xtln0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m498mk	what song was released on free 
www.freebase.com/m/09vq9b	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what is the genre for the movie oxygen
www.freebase.com/m/04f0x9q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01w613	what kind of tv show is  stage show
www.freebase.com/m/02px2ml	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was feasting on blood
www.freebase.com/m/0_rq7cm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	which region was the album day of the dead released in
www.freebase.com/m/02ph5pg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01585b	what sort of genre does slaughter studios belong to
www.freebase.com/m/013n9k	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is used in jollyville
www.freebase.com/m/03d9bfj	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0j6pnv6	which track did neil thrasher provide the lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0272qzx	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	What city is cathedral heights in
www.freebase.com/m/01p8s	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h7mwgb	Name a notable figure born in costa rica
www.freebase.com/m/0xc30s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0flpy	Who is the producer from the album titled bring back my yesterday
www.freebase.com/m/015b67	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03wh62	What's a movie that rodney dangerfield has produced
www.freebase.com/m/0hntvyf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is courage?
www.freebase.com/m/09qshd	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/058j2	who published the comic book series annihilation
www.freebase.com/m/0265wl	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/category_of	www.freebase.com/m/0js52	What is the nebula award for best novella a category of
www.freebase.com/m/0fkfhd	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what types of movie is the magical legend of the leprechauns in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/011ypx	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/09j6385	Who did the production design of good will hunting
www.freebase.com/m/0jqhd	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	what capital city was featured in the day the earth stood still 
www.freebase.com/m/0njnz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_7xl	What city is located in gogebic county
www.freebase.com/m/03bkdt6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lwkw8b	what track list is the release only an orchard away
www.freebase.com/m/0fzybb2	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What format was the bicentennial poet released in?
www.freebase.com/m/06jp4q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is ray nagin from
www.freebase.com/m/03gbwtt	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kw_0h	What artists are played on womc
www.freebase.com/m/02wwysd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ivan maric's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsw2y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03024x	What is an active ingredient moiety in venapro 3/10/3/1/1/6/3/1 spray?
www.freebase.com/m/08l25l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was yummy bingham born at?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w6lnt	what is a fictional book?
www.freebase.com/m/0wkp3py	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country in europe is brownhart law located in?
www.freebase.com/m/07065_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What genre is the enchanted wood
www.freebase.com/m/0414wv5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	is the the unusual suspects a fantasy or mystery
www.freebase.com/m/0np70y5	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0nsvhbz	What is the featured song from evolution
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrxgn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01h2ty	What is the active ingredient in the drug alora
www.freebase.com/m/03mp8k	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/032d7qt	What is a release by sony bmg music entertainment record label?
www.freebase.com/m/01wxmy	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02ydpz	whats the name of ken saro-wiwa's child
www.freebase.com/m/02rd_gh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the type of release of psycho city?
www.freebase.com/m/03hkg5j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03shp	Where is mostafa chatrabgoon from
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/028b804	What's a township located in north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0gbj4s	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	which time zone does roccaverano belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02ccjj6	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08y0	What media type is the content of indianapolis international airport?
www.freebase.com/m/01wsj0	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nl056	who is an artist on liberty records?
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01my7wv	whats the name of an artist whose musical genre is classified as  punk rock
www.freebase.com/m/09gtrd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where in england was william tritton born in?
www.freebase.com/m/01hyc9c	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is riot, riot, upstart?
www.freebase.com/m/0472gzj	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	what religion is practiced at the mihinthale
www.freebase.com/m/03yz18	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lvl5	who is the artist of the album the chemical wedding?
www.freebase.com/m/0kymkqz	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02jc2g	Who developed scholastic animal genius 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtybp	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/04ld6k	what is an ingredient in triamcinolone acetonide 10 injectable suspension
www.freebase.com/m/0hqllv9	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is parcopa 25/100 orally disintegrating tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/018wsw	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01fm25	Who directed the film grave of the fireflies
www.freebase.com/m/06nj01	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where was wfmt founded
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0n67394	what is a film in the genre of short film
www.freebase.com/m/031tx5	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/089g6	what is zalman shazars area of activism
www.freebase.com/m/0jxj2hz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/014d7f	What ingredient is dentree a formulation of
www.freebase.com/m/0c9k18	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/049tchc	which album did eric roberson release?
www.freebase.com/m/04knzl5	www.freebase.com/biology/breed_coloring/breeds	www.freebase.com/m/03yk8l	Which breed of dog is red?
www.freebase.com/m/05fhy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b828c	what village is located in nebraska
www.freebase.com/m/0329r5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_team/matches	www.freebase.com/m/0c1smtg	What's a match played by uruguay national football team
www.freebase.com/m/04fg58h	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/04ff63x	what is the primary release of the album soul music?
www.freebase.com/m/06nxl9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	what country gives lorena ochoa her nationality
www.freebase.com/m/02rxf6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language is utilized in the film romancing the stone
www.freebase.com/m/04vnwfg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/015mpv	who was the editor of die softly (reissue) 
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0t9gr	which city falls under the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/035ykmm	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0z2j_0	What's a song on moon
www.freebase.com/m/0f2r6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09gnh4r	name a person who was born in salt lake city.
www.freebase.com/m/0g4_49t	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of the ballad of soup du jour
www.freebase.com/m/0kt51	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wfsc9	what is the title of a book that focuses on health
www.freebase.com/m/0w2gsfb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is oscar relier's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01hz822	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02jq1	who is the artist of the album christmas wishes
www.freebase.com/m/040r85t	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0dv3zf	in which platform does the game burgertime run
www.freebase.com/m/0cd2vh9	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0900hr6	who did the film production design by  x-men: first class
www.freebase.com/m/068p2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gzxsv	Who's an actor from pittsburgh
www.freebase.com/m/04n11jb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what kind of film is third time lucky 
www.freebase.com/m/0g0kbhz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0c0w8cm	What season of man v food is puerto rico from
www.freebase.com/m/03mbmt3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05jm7	Who wrote the book how to talk to girls at parties
www.freebase.com/m/0hmv4b1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	Which city was charles w. gannon born in
www.freebase.com/m/09v21s1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	of which nationality is  tommi rinne
www.freebase.com/m/03hkp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j196y	What is a title in the genre hebrew language on netlfix?
www.freebase.com/m/04pp37b	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	what type of license does  milk have
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f5bkx9	what is a studio album by the Irish boyband Westlife
www.freebase.com/m/0cgjmzf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was thumbs up filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/01ksksv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is magic touch?
www.freebase.com/m/01k1gr9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01kp8z	what genre is dennis mcgee associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0fs6vg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	what is the genre of the film el juego de arcibel
www.freebase.com/m/02pqbg	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/03x_dvn	what medical specialty does the disease marasmus fall under
www.freebase.com/m/01dmjp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01vcxq	Where was mohammed v of morocco born
www.freebase.com/m/01w65s	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02tvrm	What is the name of a park located in the chicago metropolitan area
www.freebase.com/m/0dqb05x	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0swscr	What is a version of the single stay?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_shjy	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	Where is the geographic scope of the organization yayasan kerti praja?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z28m8	is feel the noise of liar liar considered a drama
www.freebase.com/m/03_sv0k	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format was decade released on
www.freebase.com/m/03qn055	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was mother, may i sleep with danger? released?
www.freebase.com/m/025sc50	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/013v5j	Name an artist from the contemporary r&b genre
www.freebase.com/m/07kl78	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01f62	which city did ramon margalef pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x68hv	what is a thriller (genre) film
www.freebase.com/m/032xhg	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0zcpz3h	which movie is directed by jason bateman
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtdkp	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	how is the drug nefazodone hydrochloride  administered
www.freebase.com/m/027vn0k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What profession is william hay?
www.freebase.com/m/09xm8d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04tdr8	which districk is located in krishnanagar, nadia
www.freebase.com/m/03cbrxg	www.freebase.com/wine/appellation/wines	www.freebase.com/m/04dm08d	which wine in produced by los carneros ava
www.freebase.com/m/0162b	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02phckn	What's an upazila in bangladesh
www.freebase.com/m/04qbjgv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/013w8h	who was cat scratch fever composed by
www.freebase.com/m/028538f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05l8y	Which country is salalah airport located in
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8ssz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	Which country did i am round originate in?
www.freebase.com/m/01p0f67	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what kind of music does the misunderstood play
www.freebase.com/m/04dx4lh	www.freebase.com/user/micahsaul/five_alarm_food/hot_sauce/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/05g0_z	What's an ingredient in tabasco brand green pepper sauce
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j08st	What romance film was released in 2006
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l46lr	Which alternative rock albums was produced in 1987?
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0pcd7ky	What is the name of a film producer
www.freebase.com/m/04ygjj7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the skin
www.freebase.com/m/0fpgbm7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is ed holley known to be
www.freebase.com/m/0k0grcc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	whats the gender of  nilcemar leyart
www.freebase.com/m/01fr20	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/06h4tg	Who is the son of the famous giovanni battista tiepolo?
www.freebase.com/m/014g9y	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0bdtm5c	who is a parent of julie delpy 
www.freebase.com/m/04j0v26	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What genre of netflix would you expect to find the film bheegi raat in?
www.freebase.com/m/0f61h5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	where is punjaipuliampatti located 
www.freebase.com/m/056zsvl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	which language is spoken in amália
www.freebase.com/m/0hq_dq5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	What genre music is future language?
www.freebase.com/m/0xn5b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03mg35	Who was born in bayonne, new jersey?
www.freebase.com/m/0492ydk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nnry	Where is bardstown junction?
www.freebase.com/m/03c4kxf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What kind of music does avra play?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0zn8hn2	whats the title of a drama movie
www.freebase.com/m/025zwdp	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02c337	who are the people involved in the campaign against dong zhuo
www.freebase.com/m/0fxkzk4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fx7whg	What is a track on the release further?
www.freebase.com/m/06vdf4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r2rk	where was kerissa fare born?
www.freebase.com/m/03mwg5	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/071xjc	What is the name of the comedy film created by todd solondz? 
www.freebase.com/m/06xln7q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	Is poetic justice a movie or a tv episode
www.freebase.com/m/0338zkx	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01n_v5	who produced the release bricks are heavy
www.freebase.com/m/01cszh	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0b_xm	Which rock band was signed to arista records
www.freebase.com/m/0cm8l5v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04w4s	what country was aneta grosu born in?
www.freebase.com/m/08lym3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is 630 euphemia
www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0gj4qpy	what film has a 35 mm film format 
www.freebase.com/m/02r3g5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	What is gloria de piero's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01nty59	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025tjk_	Which type of music is the album soul on ice
www.freebase.com/m/0gs_kj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is robert pierpoint's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0f5w6g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what asian country is oinam located
www.freebase.com/m/01xyqk	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f5j07	Name an artist under the verve music group record label
www.freebase.com/m/09rlnt5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the movie the sainted sisters
www.freebase.com/m/06cbch	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What is the nationality of olga souza?
www.freebase.com/m/04q1kj	www.freebase.com/book/author/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/05t0g1	What school did author david leavitt attend?
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/07fcnh	What ethnicity is Jermaine Jackson?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy5t	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07dnx	who was harry mulisch influenced by
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jf25c	Name a song 
www.freebase.com/m/014b72	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is st. paul in
www.freebase.com/m/03jgrk6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02x43q	Who produced the album christ versus warhol
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03ykycd	What is a planetary system of solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/02y4j5	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architecture_firm	www.freebase.com/m/054f2k	what is the architecture firm of the bank of america stadium
www.freebase.com/m/02q7ldj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country was owl and the sparrow shot?
www.freebase.com/m/059rby	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0y93y	what's a smaller village in the state of new york
www.freebase.com/m/0b6fldm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released the movie abduction
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gh7t5h	What is the name of a popular midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/05gg9s	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06zm8z	what kind of game is the legend of zelda: twilight princess
www.freebase.com/m/03j0sfj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what kind of music does liz green play 
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ndtj7s	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/0ccb7l1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	what country is les zygs, le secret des disparus from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/08bqn6	what are netflix titles in the france genre
www.freebase.com/m/0g9350z	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g8tl0t	What is a song from chappell recorded music album
www.freebase.com/m/0206sgr	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the postal code 08830 located in
www.freebase.com/m/0254x3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv1rp	Which drug is candida albicans an ingredient of?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9xtz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/07v_31	who wrote vision
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r6_bl	which musician produced psychedelic rock
www.freebase.com/m/01c7y	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0kk8f	what language family is part of the bengali language
www.freebase.com/m/05jrsv	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jp7z	what event took place in middle east theatre of world war ii 
www.freebase.com/m/0dxd_t	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/08gy15	What gaming company made pacific fighters?
www.freebase.com/m/07dpgn	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/04ldg	who is meitner named after 
www.freebase.com/m/0k7pf	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02rnz5q	what films did george martin work on?
www.freebase.com/m/05_5xft	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01pj7	where is sljeme located 
www.freebase.com/m/026k811	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0s3pw	where in illinois did lisa coole pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/030l05	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0280rsv	What is a film produced by bruce mcnall?
www.freebase.com/m/0crr_wz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What type of movie is mummies: secrets of the pharaohs?
www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gc28vq	who was born in ohio
www.freebase.com/m/05ts5y	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/locale	www.freebase.com/m/0cvw9	which city is the howrah bridge in
www.freebase.com/m/0rb3p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0640p0_	what famous person was born in glenwood springs, colorado
www.freebase.com/m/0md379	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l1r7t8	what is a track on the santa claus album
www.freebase.com/m/0476q5	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0122qx	What are people born in les andelys called
www.freebase.com/m/0h2vszs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the alchemistic suitcase
www.freebase.com/m/0cxzq4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bwd5	What type of school is the management development institute
www.freebase.com/m/0dnbvsl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is black and white live bundle #3
www.freebase.com/m/092j10	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0zj9l	which travel destination is sandcastle waterpark by
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0j5pmrd	Name a musician
www.freebase.com/m/05nw86	www.freebase.com/base/classiccars/classic_car/body_styles_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01lcw4	What kind of car is a cadillac series 62?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jt0jxk	what film is an animation film?
www.freebase.com/m/0c_771	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what kinds of music is played by mick gallagher
www.freebase.com/m/05z96	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0x0_nrx	Name a poet
www.freebase.com/m/06rqw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02qlf1m	what artists record in the genre ska?
www.freebase.com/m/03xs237	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what region was spoken greatest hits released
www.freebase.com/m/0h636nn	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/023n6h	who is mother of zoey deutch
www.freebase.com/m/02pjxr	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0h886dh	who is a production designer
www.freebase.com/m/0dzchs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What type of film is "When Stand up Stood Out"?
www.freebase.com/m/02lkmt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country locates hayashima
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrg76	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02dcfl	what is the ingredient that makes multi-vitamin fluoride drops work
www.freebase.com/m/04j1508	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what type of genre is the movie  swindled
www.freebase.com/m/03mhbld	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03pzf	Where in canada did jack caffery die
www.freebase.com/m/04j164m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What kind of film is saurian?
www.freebase.com/m/02613	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/islands	www.freebase.com/m/03hjw0z	name an island in the caribbean sea
www.freebase.com/m/0280yf1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/011dwf	Which area does the broadcast wmma serve
www.freebase.com/m/03qg__b	www.freebase.com/user/robert/mobile_phones/mobile_phone/broadband_technology_supported	www.freebase.com/m/033z76	what kind of technological platform supports  nokia n78 
www.freebase.com/m/09byb3w	www.freebase.com/book/book/interior_illustrations_by	www.freebase.com/m/02cvfb	who did the interior illustrations of l'antitête, vol. ii: minuits pour géants
www.freebase.com/m/02vzk20	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is lew krausse, sr. 
www.freebase.com/m/0fxvwf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpytg	what is william engvick known as
www.freebase.com/m/047910	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is king o'malley form
www.freebase.com/m/0h98gy6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of object is (13656) 1997 ex45?
www.freebase.com/m/0_yrw1g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is my princess
www.freebase.com/m/05qhbcd	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/028v3	in what genre was the book evil always ends written
www.freebase.com/m/0g3p74	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	what is the lowest grade taught at wilton high school
www.freebase.com/m/0f2s80d	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	In what format was time is on my side released
www.freebase.com/m/06wfq94	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/03bp56	who do nasa astronauts communicate with
www.freebase.com/m/04tq0v4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/06z366	who is an editor for empire state
www.freebase.com/m/01j74h4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06rqw	What music genre is soul caddy under?
www.freebase.com/m/0crv_q8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what genre on netflix is gravestoned
www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/07xfm3	whats the name of a game atari developed
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04y5fqf	what is the name of a remake romance film
www.freebase.com/m/04mms8n	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/04nv3t6	what film festival was zift shown
www.freebase.com/m/04wghsh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	What is the subject of the work on being a muslim?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv7pz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is t-stat?
www.freebase.com/m/07zqc2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljtp	What type of establishment is the shawnee mission medical center
www.freebase.com/m/06zl73	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vhrr	What band recorded the best and the rest
www.freebase.com/m/0g7qgw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07r_p	where did edgar johan kuusik die
www.freebase.com/m/0k47mn	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/02q5bx2	What is a film that robert halmi executive produced?
www.freebase.com/m/02rsysy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where did  václav treitz die
www.freebase.com/m/03xm_b	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/062t2	what is promethazine used to help cure
www.freebase.com/m/03b6hk	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/breed_of	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what type of animal is a catalan sheepdog
www.freebase.com/m/08fr89	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06cgy	who was the producer for thunderheart
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03gbjk9	Name an album
www.freebase.com/m/07x21	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/branched_into	www.freebase.com/m/07w8f	what has christian unitarianism branched into?
www.freebase.com/m/0crr_34	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	What is the genre of king, queen, knave?
www.freebase.com/m/0vnkqs6	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05nxxk	Who is charlise lundqvist father 
www.freebase.com/m/0mnhc1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01m8scx	which release contains milk?
www.freebase.com/m/030m616	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/026_w6	which label is terror twilight signed under
www.freebase.com/m/0f0jpyl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is best of the emi years
www.freebase.com/m/01kw0tx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release format of double trouble live
www.freebase.com/m/0gq0c5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What was aasai's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/02l_kq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what player mode is sonic jam?
www.freebase.com/m/02vml0q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/010t4v	Where was jo koy born
www.freebase.com/m/06xr8mr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/039cq4	what series is the episode dane cook/the killers from 
www.freebase.com/m/0f0mq9s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f8hng4	What's a release from the recording sahara
www.freebase.com/m/084pns	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jcmc2	What is a yacht rock title
www.freebase.com/m/03cvyry	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What kind of a film is black arrow
www.freebase.com/m/03dddx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	which city did jeanne hébuterne die
www.freebase.com/m/01x0p4n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is ferruccio furlanetto a male of a female 
www.freebase.com/m/03_ctd	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/055wd4	What is an adaption of the work the bloody chamber?
www.freebase.com/m/0zbhr2r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is danielle ornelas's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0g73c4l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02f1c	who recorded a version of the song what do you think about lovin'
www.freebase.com/m/04dhbf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	what types of music is saul williams
www.freebase.com/m/03sw9w	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01xpvcp	what cargill a private or public company
www.freebase.com/m/0490_8v	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is ontario known for?
www.freebase.com/m/02y42k	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vh2yx	What is a book from author christopher priest (novelist)
www.freebase.com/m/01hkm0t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is atomic: the very best of blondie?
www.freebase.com/m/0356_j3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country was 7 years released in
www.freebase.com/m/09ggd4h	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the rhumba boogie's form
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hndm49	which drama film was made in 1959
www.freebase.com/m/0fqrgh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	what type of video game is final liberation?
www.freebase.com/m/07kg3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0glg35	what is a comune in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region of Tuscany
www.freebase.com/m/0j7cywf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is sebastian knight's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/026x_s	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/06fnym	who founded synopsys
www.freebase.com/m/0z79gpg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	What is daniel domachowski's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01gwf	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02vn72g	Who is bill oddie's daughter
www.freebase.com/m/051_y	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03mbr_k	what is a book with the subject of murder
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h35m0	what albums were released in 2000?
www.freebase.com/m/01139x	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is mifflin part of
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtvv6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025s7j4	what is the active ingredient in the drug povidone-iodine 0.1 swab
www.freebase.com/m/015cxv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbw63	What is a broadcast station where los lobos is played 
www.freebase.com/m/0njmf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049z_h9	what can be found in houghton county, michigan
www.freebase.com/m/08433	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	how did william s. burroughs pass away
www.freebase.com/m/02p4vy7	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	which gender is kayla
www.freebase.com/m/049_q12	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	what state is elkhorn located in
www.freebase.com/m/01rk5tp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0xfd29q	What is a song by rodolphe burger?
www.freebase.com/m/0d41nr	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what instrument does matt wong play
www.freebase.com/m/03qk3qw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what kind of music is on 2cents?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/043jzwv	what's the name of a 2004 french romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0c2p6xz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	What country is the film holy cross from
www.freebase.com/m/0m02f5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01kvrnz	What release did fever come off of?
www.freebase.com/m/0fllxp_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	where was irreligious released?
www.freebase.com/m/03crytp	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what's one martial art that alfonso blanco is proficient in
www.freebase.com/m/01rml9	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what does lidocaine treat?
www.freebase.com/m/01q121	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	what region uses the kodava language 
www.freebase.com/m/047dk2n	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0c1my6	who produced 4bia
www.freebase.com/m/047dwnx	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/03l99gz	what type of gallery is the cobra museum
www.freebase.com/m/027g0qf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0f2r6	What area does kfnz serve?
www.freebase.com/m/0162b	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/03cz8hb	what cyclone hit bangladesh
www.freebase.com/m/0b0tw3	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0lfqzk7	who is giuliana rancic's child?
www.freebase.com/m/03t5t1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does capital birmingham play
www.freebase.com/m/0kt4283	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0131th4	What's the recorded version of the song step up
www.freebase.com/m/0g9wk3s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is American entrepreneur angelo sotira?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04dyy9m	Name a cinematographer. 
www.freebase.com/m/0x7ysm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l6395g	what tracks are on dangerous?
www.freebase.com/m/01k_41q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f19f92	Name a song written by king curtis.
www.freebase.com/m/027g4w3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01nx_8	Who was the author of "Master Class"?
www.freebase.com/m/0bq2_p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrrch	What is johnny bach's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0b77_5d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/080h2	which city was mickey walls born in
www.freebase.com/m/06wpxc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what nationality is richard hull?
www.freebase.com/m/05x2t7	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0b4476z	what film was orry-kelly a costume designer for?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dnpk4	whats the name of the 1948 action film based on tarzan
www.freebase.com/m/019kmv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbx5j	which radio is played by slade
www.freebase.com/m/01l0527	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0v26f8	What is a track composed by the the stanley brothers duo? 
www.freebase.com/m/03r8gp	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0cqvmm	Name a company in the filmmaker industry
www.freebase.com/m/0gzkhc	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0224z4	What sector does womankind worldwide belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04xdxxf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language describes it could always be worse
www.freebase.com/m/013b6_	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0lccn	what person is an ashkenazi jews?
www.freebase.com/m/0295sy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country made the robin williams film hook
www.freebase.com/m/0g5jb14	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is chris diani's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02qplxv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is the nationality of colin simpson.
www.freebase.com/m/0j4lqkq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is taylor wayer from
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0462fmv	What's an example of a heavy metal album
www.freebase.com/m/0fh4fjc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lb2c3r	What is a track off leisure noise
www.freebase.com/m/03j8551	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Where in europe was ki dit mié released
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr7nl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03nn2g	what is an active ingredient in plaster mandaherbalplaster
www.freebase.com/m/0h_dj0n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in boo moon
www.freebase.com/m/0g1yqyr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g1yq_l	what is a track released on james bond in action / themes for secret agents
www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02q3w6y	what's an example of a hamlet in virginia
www.freebase.com/m/039k2m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of lily pons?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqf6qk	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03bkbh	What ethnic group of people does jamie o'carroll associate with
www.freebase.com/m/0gf28	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/092b8q	This BBC programme  falls under the genre of parody
www.freebase.com/m/05h2373	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01fr1n	Where is santo angel, san pablo, laguna?
www.freebase.com/m/09v84yn	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0s81gs6	who designed the costume for the movie copenhagen
www.freebase.com/m/0x46j5q	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jpn85	What artist recorded federation?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0282w38	name a netflix title from the thriller genre.
www.freebase.com/m/0zm2785	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05hvy4	who composed i don't do windows
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrn_k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/025s7j4	what is the key element used in eczema treatment
www.freebase.com/m/0crw_np	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What language is manoranjan in?
www.freebase.com/m/02x4xjd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	which country does the misir river run through
www.freebase.com/m/02py3pz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is loy allen bowlin's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0fctlk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yt_l	Where was jesse r. pitts born?
www.freebase.com/m/03xxndh	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	Which kind of album is the music of the star wars-saga
www.freebase.com/m/0dkdqc9	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02sgy	What kind of guitar can florian opahle play
www.freebase.com/m/010dry	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06_cyqz	what is located in the kaysville, utah
www.freebase.com/m/0bh8hs0	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does henrik ojamaa play
www.freebase.com/m/05ss0g	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bj9k	Who wrote the film looking for richard
www.freebase.com/m/06gjb1t	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is leather maiden under?
www.freebase.com/m/05b2g8v	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07bty	Who influenced rené thury?
www.freebase.com/m/03g78h1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was panic prevention released
www.freebase.com/m/03qmpjh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02mscn	What genre of music does paul field sing
www.freebase.com/m/0fp_lnj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	which label did polyphonic size sign to
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g543x8	What's a short film released in 1912
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05pvh53	which book is in the gender fantasy
www.freebase.com/m/0kyr53j	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Who published theme park?
www.freebase.com/m/027y_qz	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/theme	www.freebase.com/m/058zftr	what is the theme of the amusement park ride toy story midway mania!
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0ccp4f	whats the name of a bollywood movie
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026qx8t	What's a romance film released in 1959
www.freebase.com/m/02rd_qd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is the exam
www.freebase.com/m/0809lbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yyh	what indian city was pendyala nageswara rao born
www.freebase.com/m/0g3r3d	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/034bxn	what films were directed by ted post
www.freebase.com/m/0fytpbg	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was new way out released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0frlxt_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l1vlx	What is a track from the release of "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn"?
www.freebase.com/m/02_t2t	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbrrn	what is the content of the artist rufus wainwright
www.freebase.com/m/02vw1xt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwlj	What What kind of music does stew mckinsey make
www.freebase.com/m/015y2q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gh6w0f	which indian model was born in pune
www.freebase.com/m/02qb1cj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is lee meadows?
www.freebase.com/m/03jht	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vbvzc	what book was written by hermann hesse?
www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03c2gn4	Name an espionage book.
www.freebase.com/m/0vx49d6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07c0j	whose album is the essential beatles?
www.freebase.com/m/04161j7	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	which baseball position is steve adkins charged of 
www.freebase.com/m/01vt8h_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	which genre of music does frank black make
www.freebase.com/m/09582_	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02hyt6	which position does bill mcgunnigle hold
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0h97t62	Name a musician.
www.freebase.com/m/0v_yc	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which timezone is goodhue township in
www.freebase.com/m/03wgwgw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What country is keshavrao date from
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y7wjh	what is the name of an asteroid discovered on 1938
www.freebase.com/m/0155w	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04mmts	which artist is known for creating  blues music
www.freebase.com/m/0278r7d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	is namastey london a romance film or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0rs5dr8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0394y4d	What is a track from the last supper
www.freebase.com/m/04wbv40	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01mkq	What subject of book is more dos for dummies
www.freebase.com/m/04wh3dx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What book genre does dvorak in america belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/07vtxz	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gmjbs	What rock band is on paper bag records
www.freebase.com/m/0f7jk5	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	What position does century milstead play?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ft1nl2	Who is a notable screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/0gl2vmk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is jordan bobbitt?
www.freebase.com/m/0xn7b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cv3sq	what woman was born in hoboken, new jersey
www.freebase.com/m/04f88_	www.freebase.com/base/pokemon/pok_mon/based_on	www.freebase.com/m/09ddx	What animal was Golduck in Pokemon?
www.freebase.com/m/0140x	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0178g	Who is a manufacturer of the mcdonnell douglas av-8b harrier ii
www.freebase.com/m/03gtzzt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	Which genre of book is the cat who played post office?
www.freebase.com/m/0491z7s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	What state is taylorville in
www.freebase.com/m/0_w9343	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which country was richard castelino born in
www.freebase.com/m/0g8rtbk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g8rtdj	what is a track on 57
www.freebase.com/m/03lg9b	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05snw	what does alexander macfarlane do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/065_kcs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what film genre is mona
www.freebase.com/m/03hh2zy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the biological gender of wisdom fofo agbo
www.freebase.com/m/02rlh_8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is the film  the ark of the sun god from
www.freebase.com/m/0233hp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0wjw5ng	what album is by machinae supremacy
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/011hdn	What's a psychedelic rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/0y49bcg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/09v75v1	what island is located in the fiji time zone
www.freebase.com/m/04v401	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01qf54	who developed stonekeep
www.freebase.com/m/0kz5hyk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	what type of video game is quattro power
www.freebase.com/m/0xmglxt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	Where is zongophu kang
www.freebase.com/m/0276jx2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of film is paris
www.freebase.com/m/027h_w	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtsmb	whats the marketed formulation of granisetron
www.freebase.com/m/0cxpnm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country created the film the return of the musketeers
www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/012cs3	what woman died by a stroke
www.freebase.com/m/0f612	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is franklin county a second level division of
www.freebase.com/m/0dymz3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/processors_supported	www.freebase.com/m/052vq	which processors does the game the astyanax support?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlbg8l	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/0j_nw	Name a film that was screened at 2010 fantastic fest. 
www.freebase.com/m/028b7f7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g_jj	which genre is the book divided kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/02hx0c1	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	which language family is kenyah, western language a part of
www.freebase.com/m/034ltb	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0dq798	in which community does the illinois river confluence with the Lower Rogue river
www.freebase.com/m/02z69h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	What is marcus bent a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/0m2zc8j	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03jcpd9	what is a release from i shall be released
www.freebase.com/m/07k5h42	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ht8_	Where was arthur m. jolly born
www.freebase.com/m/0fbqtk	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04gqr	which country is jebel uweinat in
www.freebase.com/m/074p6y	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what religion does zain verjee follow
www.freebase.com/m/02vs3_8	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/018s4	which licenses does the sympy software have?
www.freebase.com/m/04zzgs1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02ztjwg	what language was used in the film titled drag me to hell
www.freebase.com/m/030nh_x	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	the release  queer stems from which region
www.freebase.com/m/04zwj09	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which netflix genre would the line king: the al hirschfeld story be located under
www.freebase.com/m/02hxg4c	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/05qkp	Where is aiklep language spoken?
www.freebase.com/m/08y3ltv	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/04vcfx	What film was andrew mcalpine the film production designer for?
www.freebase.com/m/0bg2zp	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0fb4l	which movie is directed by fred wilcox
www.freebase.com/m/0gjc8rt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fvpfrs	which track did farewell to freeway make
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01tqdtr	What is the name of someone who plays piano
www.freebase.com/m/0kvcd9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in forget about it
www.freebase.com/m/057zm4	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 225 henrietta orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y822w	Name an asteroid.
www.freebase.com/m/01mq19q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015pdg	What genre is the album strength in numbers considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/07_w6y	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/03sg81	what books have konrad duden written?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0sng5z0	what is a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/027k5ks	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	which language is the film the snow maiden released in
www.freebase.com/m/0d6kpw	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09472	who was involved in battle of eretria
www.freebase.com/m/02k54	www.freebase.com/biology/breed_origin/breeds_originating_here	www.freebase.com/m/09747c	What is a breed of cat that originated in egypt?
www.freebase.com/m/06w5vrl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What is the country of origin of the film mourning wife?
www.freebase.com/m/03c37b3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What type of music is on the album turn around, look at me
www.freebase.com/m/0j8k6kg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What is amy schell known as?
www.freebase.com/m/03zrz8	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/05sfs	Which religion is worshiped at cathedral of magdeburg
www.freebase.com/m/04t31_r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/08b3m	which subjects does christmas in the big woods belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgxg84	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was sign of the moon written in
www.freebase.com/m/058v0n	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/049btd	What does a lineman (occupation) specialize as?
www.freebase.com/m/042qnv	www.freebase.com/computer/software_developer/software	www.freebase.com/m/02ltyb	What software did robert hyatt develop?
www.freebase.com/m/02806wm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/029h7y	what type of music is dj quixotic
www.freebase.com/m/0d0gvn	www.freebase.com/computer/computer_processor/manufacturers	www.freebase.com/m/03s7h	what company made intel core 2?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01llv3w	What is the name of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/0hy_nxj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is primarily spoken in 60 seconds of solitude in year zero
www.freebase.com/m/02b8rj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what charles gordon-lennox, 5th duke of richmond born in london or france
www.freebase.com/m/03cf563	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpyt8	What is haskell robert sadler known for
www.freebase.com/m/04j1m00	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What type of film is treasure of the amazon
www.freebase.com/m/028y8_s	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/06pfdf	what book is the fourth hand an edition of
www.freebase.com/m/047lkwm	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/04dj2	what city was the sarposa prison attack of 2008
www.freebase.com/m/06_q1bf	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	What type of architecture does immaculate conception church have
www.freebase.com/m/0d2b0t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02k54	what country is alaa abd el-fattah from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqct	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	What is a dosage form of coumadin
www.freebase.com/m/03gm2r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l4j10	what is an album from paolo conte?
www.freebase.com/m/09rs4y3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	is zekes pad an action, romance, or comedy tv program
www.freebase.com/m/0w72x30	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01jrs46	Who composed lovely to look at?
www.freebase.com/m/04h70t	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04h7h9	what books has milton abramowitz written
www.freebase.com/m/01f8t18	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	which music format is george of the jungle?
www.freebase.com/m/0ryvzh_	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05hj_k	Who was the executive producer on the film mandela: long walk to freedom?
www.freebase.com/m/01smm	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0b3bjx	what botanical garden is in columbus?
www.freebase.com/m/05nssl0	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/064f29	What company developed block breaker deluxe
www.freebase.com/m/043s5rn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what style of music is featured on hyperacuity
www.freebase.com/m/0hzqmtk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was the mera shikar filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/01thrxw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	What's exuma most famous for
www.freebase.com/m/04d_2bv	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of body of work is basie jam
www.freebase.com/m/01l5yxq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0140xf	what kind of album is raffis christmas album
www.freebase.com/m/0dncgcb	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What medium was ritual released on
www.freebase.com/m/05zkrzf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which european nation is rudi hedman from?
www.freebase.com/m/0283mtj	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/048g08	what area is arthur moore an activist for
www.freebase.com/m/08xh26	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of book of the mysteries of udolpho?
www.freebase.com/m/026z9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01m0d07	which artist performs the disco genre?
www.freebase.com/m/057ybl	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c7gcz	which film did the office of war information help produce 
www.freebase.com/m/0mxhng2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fxknbp	what is a track off the cubism record
www.freebase.com/m/04_15fg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	What genre of movie is the main event
www.freebase.com/m/0znwx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	what state is portersville in?
www.freebase.com/m/07wk3m	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0cmcshc	which artist is associated with the art movement realism
www.freebase.com/m/0d2fd7	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/091wfq	what game is published by majesco entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02z0nz4	What is an example of a metalcore album?
www.freebase.com/m/07vw89	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/first_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/04j53	what is the first level division of ruggell
www.freebase.com/m/0j__z6_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does (12274) 1990 uj1 orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y87f0	Name an asteroid discovered on May 11, 1985
www.freebase.com/m/0bq2s2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0n1rj	where did boris malenko pass away
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/03hj5gy	whats the name of a female fictional character
www.freebase.com/m/04zxvx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h4bq9	who was born in yanam (india)?
www.freebase.com/m/0t_5hmp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what was lew palter's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_cr5	Name a documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/067v_9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where did john marshall hamilton perish
www.freebase.com/m/0j2hljh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is (9792) 1996 bx1
www.freebase.com/m/0398mw4	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/02zmh5	Who was a producer from the britney release
www.freebase.com/m/0bwzy0	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone does cles belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04g7d	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t305h	what book is about language?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/043m1rz	what is a book that is speculative fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crxv3v	What is the name of a documentary film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/09g7hzd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/098cpg	What label are the legarde twins signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0dm51cr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is sudden terror: the hijacking of school bus #17 in?
www.freebase.com/m/0x1cc9t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is kate fabian's anatomy
www.freebase.com/m/0gxnslj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	Which language is the film geography of the hapless heart in
www.freebase.com/m/076wz_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	Which genre of music is marshall lytle associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/0dy9v8x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0q5pt22	What is military madness a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/095bb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04_7tb	What's an example of an animated cartoon
www.freebase.com/m/034870r	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	in what format was lullabots released
www.freebase.com/m/06d4h	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/02phnr_	what film portrayed the subject of racism
www.freebase.com/m/09c8h8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is michael mckeon's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0h41924	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0d1msl	who is artis mills's kid
www.freebase.com/m/0c42148	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	what country was  antónio alva rosa coutinho born in
www.freebase.com/m/0gbgmgs	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02hcs	who made the album montmartre
www.freebase.com/m/029h6d	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	what is henry stephens salt's religion
www.freebase.com/m/06n_cg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	what type of school is pomfret school
www.freebase.com/m/04t2_gf	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vr5mg	what is an edition of the book going to extremes
www.freebase.com/m/05p2zgh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/08gyw2	what music was composed by b. reith
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w7n_n	which book talks about a city's history
www.freebase.com/m/01w31x	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nfwtm	what artist is on the lable century media records?
www.freebase.com/m/02wwwjx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what type of film is telstar: the joe meek story?
www.freebase.com/m/03qnljw	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	Where is misery mountain located?
www.freebase.com/m/06_mvqc	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	what style of architecture is the us post office-owego
www.freebase.com/m/0spwy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is austin a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/04svyms	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released phillipa lord: shes the shit
www.freebase.com/m/0f3hh9h	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mfqvgq	What is the name of the track list for the release pillows & prayers: cherry red 1982-1983?
www.freebase.com/m/0scdn	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/0scdn	Where is maryville?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j2f84	what album is a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027ph8n	What's an example of a grunge album
www.freebase.com/m/02gh60	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is the profession of eagle-eye cherry?
www.freebase.com/m/05cj63	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	What kind of school is crichton college?
www.freebase.com/m/01sm3w	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/03cmdxl	which game is quiz
www.freebase.com/m/03w1v2	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0kpl	which religion does michael pitt practice
www.freebase.com/m/02qkyvc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04kr	what is clyde haberman
www.freebase.com/m/0212ql	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	what city did edwin forrest pass away in
www.freebase.com/m/07sgdw	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/030vmc	who directed the film oscar
www.freebase.com/m/0frm_br	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where was personal jesus released?
www.freebase.com/m/0jbb49y	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/023wyl	what position does peyton thompson play 
www.freebase.com/m/015xrq	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artworks	www.freebase.com/m/064j1gs	What's an example of post-impressionism
www.freebase.com/m/0q74b3t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is tha shiznit episode ii
www.freebase.com/m/01r5fr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the first stone
www.freebase.com/m/0hmsp	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/09rxjrh	What film did daphne du maurier contribute too?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgts3r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryw5	what is ethics
www.freebase.com/m/019r3vg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lvkr2z	which track is part of garden party
www.freebase.com/m/095l0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07wldz	whats the name of a stadium located in  bristol
www.freebase.com/m/02tx6q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dp7x2q	who is a male audio engineer?
www.freebase.com/m/0w1f_hv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0b42v	who wrote the book shadow over mars?
www.freebase.com/m/04g20s	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c40cyk	what film is directed by stacy peralta?
www.freebase.com/m/01mm5g0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dn8031	What's a song written by irma thomas
www.freebase.com/m/01v3nqm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05lls	what kind of music does  julianne baird make
www.freebase.com/m/01d205	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0_lr1	where did martin frederick ansel die 
www.freebase.com/m/02d13t	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/07fpw5	what film was satoshi tajiri the story contributor of
www.freebase.com/m/01f_88q	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is preaching to the perverted?
www.freebase.com/m/0frckk6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01j9p0d	what is a recording from tennessee
www.freebase.com/m/03f_42v	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is jazz double bill
www.freebase.com/m/01jgkj2	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0tmkx61	what song did james ingram write
www.freebase.com/m/09hljw	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/032pbp	which karl may characters was a tribal chief?
www.freebase.com/m/01pkfch	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	who is the record label for chocolatestarfish26?
www.freebase.com/m/018vnz	www.freebase.com/business/product_with_ingredients/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/065s739	What are some ingredients found in corn flakes?
www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03cz4c2	who is a person that died from pneumonia
www.freebase.com/m/07hdv	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01dwnp	taylor series was named after whom? 
www.freebase.com/m/0466q8n	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/015p1m	what kind of industry does citic securities operate in 
www.freebase.com/m/02q3_t9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/097gl	Where was herbert hugo menges's death
www.freebase.com/m/05y3yn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Where is steve balboni from
www.freebase.com/m/088ncm	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0f__1	In which state is irish hill, louisville located ?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0c41ww7	Who is a soccer player that plays midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/04t1vrv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03rj_w	Which subject is the book liberty about
www.freebase.com/m/0739y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	what nationality is spike milligan milligan
www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b0t67	What is the name of a town in minnesota?
www.freebase.com/m/0484b8x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k8pw	in which southern county is old harmony located
www.freebase.com/m/0489l49	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	tarke is in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/02tth4	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/02bft	what causes the disease  clinical lycanthropy
www.freebase.com/m/013j62	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n3dv	which county is grandin in?
www.freebase.com/m/03ccvkw	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what genre is 1612 in in netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/0l5zj41	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/034mnp6	Name a song from the brothers in arms album
www.freebase.com/m/02hxs86	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/05qkp	which country speaks the lesing-gelimi language
www.freebase.com/m/02z6mm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what is the genre of the artist craig david
www.freebase.com/m/05b133p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of ed peck
www.freebase.com/m/03907_	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	What is a conflict hasso von manteuffel has participated in?
www.freebase.com/m/0y6j4k_	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	which military conflict did william downey participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0tbql	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04glb8_	Who was born in wichita, kansas
www.freebase.com/m/0fg63j4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dnmxv2	which track came from the release titled  occult
www.freebase.com/m/02q0xl7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What is the country of origin of the character sherlock holmes
www.freebase.com/m/059wb0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	Where in texas was kevin ollie born
www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02g_vj	which places are located in victoria (australia)?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3xmj0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	what is the topic of the written piece deathmasques
www.freebase.com/m/03g1rc7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What would you call modern currencies
www.freebase.com/m/02705qp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what positions has jim mclaughlin played 
www.freebase.com/m/0h1yy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqssdh	Name a drug that contains serine.
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j3zp4h	Who is the defender for the Curaçao national football team
www.freebase.com/m/0c9xl9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	which gender is jackie french
www.freebase.com/m/0424mc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jwgjcg	what film is a type of experimental film?
www.freebase.com/m/04j14_c	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is hildegard of bingen?
www.freebase.com/m/0kprd3	www.freebase.com/film/content_rating/film	www.freebase.com/m/01pk7l	Which pg-13 film stars Jackie Chan?
www.freebase.com/m/010hrl	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cl0cy	Which mountain is located in peru?
www.freebase.com/m/04c1t60	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is red lane located
www.freebase.com/m/0bvqd2m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/021y9q	what is the place of death of geneviève winding
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5f3y	what is an example of a black-and-white film
www.freebase.com/m/0f2p_r	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/02ytd1	what is the nearest place from bradford alhambra?
www.freebase.com/m/0lvwzhp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03bbtcn	which release is eclipse from?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgh	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0gmdtzp	What conflict occurred in morocco
www.freebase.com/m/05d3t5p	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is madonna a male or a female 
www.freebase.com/m/01s2wj_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of the album final fantasy vocal collections i: pray
www.freebase.com/m/0cc59k4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	where was tom howe born
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs75l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is methyldopa 250 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/072hv	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/03qysz	what causes sinusitis?
www.freebase.com/m/0vmyxyx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/077qn	which european nation did wiktor osiecki originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/022qw7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/059_9n9	what episode did patrick mcgoohan write 
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jdh2k	Name a progressive rock album.
www.freebase.com/m/01fhdrj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is eis am stiel, volume 8
www.freebase.com/m/01jyqwk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03jgmnr	what is the album the artist dissecting table made
www.freebase.com/m/04_b2q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is john kean's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01grhwk	which compilation album was released in 2005?
www.freebase.com/m/015g51	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04q0k_3	what books have harry hill written
www.freebase.com/m/02qv5q	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what is marthinus van schalkwyk's job
www.freebase.com/m/0c2skv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09_tlb	where was marcelo garcia born
www.freebase.com/m/015j7	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wc4v9	What's a book that's written about the bible
www.freebase.com/m/05tp5t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where is tooting bec located
www.freebase.com/m/0yqfmf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_kkxfs	what is the song from the recording tomorrow (full on vibe mix)'
www.freebase.com/m/03ctb5_	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	what type of media does kyns broadcast
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0hr2zq5	what television program is considered a romance film?
www.freebase.com/m/0g75jbv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6vbpw	What is a track on the album dark matter: multiverse, 2004 - 2009
www.freebase.com/m/0147gr	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0ctgc	What is the name of an aerospace company
www.freebase.com/m/0dpykc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is the gender of adele mara male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/0bw6vg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What is the type of music that the narrow makes?
www.freebase.com/m/02s8_h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hzn03z	who was born in deauville
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/03y4b2z	what the name of an asteroid belt
www.freebase.com/m/0fmwh9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01ls2	Where is Pico Simón Bolívar located?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_m	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0246tg	what books did geoffrey chaucer write?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/02r6gh5	what is a visual art painting
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt_52	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06vqn8	what is the active ingredient for delectable self tanning mousse with mirabelle oil 
www.freebase.com/m/01pxwhh	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/039n1	Who influenced ernest bloch?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_96yv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hz35	Where is brandeis university, main campus
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f4sv	Who is an example of a hard rock artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkxt22	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0pth	Who composed the concerto in d major, op. 10 no. 5, rv 429
www.freebase.com/m/04j74bk	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	what is travel destination near the tourist attraction smolny cathedral in saint petersburg?
www.freebase.com/m/0gb23n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzjf	Where is cerro veronese located?
www.freebase.com/m/027ftg_	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vmh0r	what is a book published by the company leisure books 
www.freebase.com/m/0c01q34	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film crazy over horses
www.freebase.com/m/01fzjc	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	Which war did charles lynch participate in
www.freebase.com/m/09nwhr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0d7wh	What is the ethnicity of sylvestra le touzel?
www.freebase.com/m/01q87ft	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03mp8k	what company is razorback signed with?
www.freebase.com/m/07kdkfj	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bmyhb	who composed the music for eat pray love
www.freebase.com/m/0vc5b	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/07bjmn	what school was named after  ignatius of loyola
www.freebase.com/m/0zb1n1z	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What was the genre of the film the dumb girl of portici
www.freebase.com/m/048tpp3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is view pointe within
www.freebase.com/m/0vxf271	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	how does  bob graham shoot in hockey
www.freebase.com/m/0fbnfn8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0dx5ld6	whats the canonical version of lost (12 inch version)
www.freebase.com/m/01hr58	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0472hfv	What's a temple found in chiang mai
www.freebase.com/m/04lg2zc	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/015552	what software genre is plex
www.freebase.com/m/031x9cl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kydxq6	What was the track list on personalidade?
www.freebase.com/m/0fy8bn	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	What instrument does the artist ryan leslie play
www.freebase.com/m/0hnc5rb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	What is pál zolnay's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01qmty	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0lphb	where in the world is birmingham-shuttlesworth international airport
www.freebase.com/m/0f3hv08	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l777y	what song is from the release evolution?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0vxs5bh	which musical films were broadcasted in israel?
www.freebase.com/m/03f3x2m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dv3nkn	what track did lene lovich sing
www.freebase.com/m/03f746h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	which country is miren iza from
www.freebase.com/m/03y7lv2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What is 8703 nakanotadao a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlljt7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of film is nissash amar tumi
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0_r5q0s	which artist uses photography as their preferred visual art form
www.freebase.com/m/03qb0wf	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	whats the media of  portrait of a seated woman
www.freebase.com/m/08pfkm	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04s9n	Who was an entity involved in the conquest of mecca
www.freebase.com/m/02rjy0q	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	Where did philip b. thompson, jr. die
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5t9w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0175k8	what movies/tv for ages 8 to 10 are on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc1j2	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/02pdc4	What car model is an example of a large family car?
www.freebase.com/m/03d3lps	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is yes, we have no bonanza filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0frssfq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02cyfz	What artist recorded "You Don't Dream in Cryo"?
www.freebase.com/m/02y266	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01knnwc	what album is by  café tacuba
www.freebase.com/m/0h1gtz7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where did the artist  matt lowell come from
www.freebase.com/m/0tkf5n4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	What country is welcome to the show from
www.freebase.com/m/07t7j	www.freebase.com/astronomy/constellation/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07zkpn	What constellation is ursa major found in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxm8r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	who is danai udomchoke
www.freebase.com/m/03hj0lj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of written work is night's master?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtsn59	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	What is dark kingdom: the dragon king notable example of?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt1vv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	how is a bupivacaine hydrochloride 5 injectable solution classified
www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wgq75	What is the name of a book from the sociology genre
www.freebase.com/m/01nr8wc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/029fbr	what genre is the paper chase (band) 
www.freebase.com/m/0hr9_n9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02wb6yq	who wrote for the love of a daughter
www.freebase.com/m/0d0t_hb	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/09m_b0	which book is notes of a native son an edition of
www.freebase.com/m/0hrhlxc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01m7mv	where in the united states was martin johnson born in
www.freebase.com/m/02qwl8v	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	what is greg peterson known for
www.freebase.com/m/0ds33	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02qzjj	who is the producer of armageddon
www.freebase.com/m/04hhjc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	what city is the new york university college of dentistry in
www.freebase.com/m/0279bz2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/08fxwc	who created the character ringleader
www.freebase.com/m/02rysnq	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender does steve parker belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01cyrg	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/032db	What type of license does adobe acrobat have
www.freebase.com/m/02hlcfk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/07tl9y	what platform is needed to play samurai shodown
www.freebase.com/m/07wf6r	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0b_yz	where did battle of reading happen?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9ywd_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is 03:34: earthquake in chile
www.freebase.com/m/0k55fs	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0645k5	Which film did grant hill produce?
www.freebase.com/m/05mvd7g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is ernest adams 
www.freebase.com/m/03y7c4n	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system is 4614 masamura a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/09wqjmt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09969	why did dien van straalen die
www.freebase.com/m/04n4y91	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/029h7y	What sort of album is hate culture
www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w9spt	What is a book about religion?
www.freebase.com/m/0mtrs	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	benton county is a second level dvision of which nation
www.freebase.com/m/0_s2kgd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07t13s	what kind of music is southern associated with
www.freebase.com/m/03jg2q3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014csc	who recorded concerto for violin and orchestra?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfhfnw	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sf_r	What basketball position did trevor releford play
www.freebase.com/m/01p9c3d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0157wg8	What is a track from praying mantis?
www.freebase.com/m/04m7x4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does scott vallow play 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkpfb	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/058dll	Who makes adderall 5/5/5/5 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02xc2kh	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/iso_setting	www.freebase.com/m/01xrf_p	What is a iso setting on a nikon d300?
www.freebase.com/m/0g34_36	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mynlkh	what track is on the release soul intention?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6jd3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	which european country is fugue filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0qg2_k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05zlds	what icelandic artist sings the song iceland
www.freebase.com/m/0crsp_s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what types of movie is the evil woods in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0n6014k	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily used in the woman who died a lot
www.freebase.com/m/06fhvz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is mike parker pearson's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtvhh	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06yvct	what is the active ingredient in  lyrica
www.freebase.com/m/0zdwh8x	www.freebase.com/theater/play/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country did life's a dream come from
www.freebase.com/m/04j0vmn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	how would netflix classify head trauma
www.freebase.com/m/0b7prn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09lbv	What is moses brings plenty's job?
www.freebase.com/m/01nds	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/05n018g	what game was developed by capcom?
www.freebase.com/m/0184xq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hjqtq	what is an album from john lydon
www.freebase.com/m/0bbwl82	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	what style of music is the together released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03jj89r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is music for reiki healing
www.freebase.com/m/0zkvpzy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	in what form is the composition love can run faster made
www.freebase.com/m/05t70pj	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/096cpb	what is the game version of fuzion frenzy
www.freebase.com/m/0fx0055	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	is life or death rock music or metal?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6qbj1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f6qbj5	what is the release track on wicked wonder
www.freebase.com/m/0fzm_dv	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fw1xys	which version is the single london
www.freebase.com/m/03xtn6k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m4bkb2	which tracks are released under you mean we get paid for this??
www.freebase.com/m/0_hz1t4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0dw495b	What's a recorded version of miss america
www.freebase.com/m/02n1_f	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01tk7z7	whom did  maj sjöwall influence
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k20fd	which compilation album was released in 1995?
www.freebase.com/m/037dgv	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvh9	what type of architecture is kunsthaus tacheles considered
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0__m7	What is the name of a location in the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0gxmj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hvnf4	which department is calvados a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/04wfx94	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of fiction is the book leaning towards infinity
www.freebase.com/m/07qffc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/013km	who is the creator of dragon warrior: legend of the hero abel?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmh22	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hj3msd	What type of film is strange wilderness?
www.freebase.com/m/03chvnm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02zft0	what lyricist wrote how do you keep the music playing?
www.freebase.com/m/027r7x	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hsqf	which capital city did park chung-hee die in
www.freebase.com/m/0g80_b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is john mark karr's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/043phf7	What is the name of a known asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/06z4xy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	who wrote the song run for your life?
www.freebase.com/m/0l30v	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0r6nz	what is located within shasta county borders
www.freebase.com/m/03grct2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what is the language of the film an independent life
www.freebase.com/m/0284tz2	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone can brwinów be found in
www.freebase.com/m/0zsp721	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/016yx7	what type of facility is title boxing club missouri city
www.freebase.com/m/01pr7d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	where is spoleto located?
www.freebase.com/m/02wxdq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position does football player zico play
www.freebase.com/m/01sxqdw	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what kind of album is shakti: the power
www.freebase.com/m/02p9xg3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	where in ireland is guinness storehouse located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0xlpvkf	which musician plays the drum kit
www.freebase.com/m/02w7_b9	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/06b9n	from which family does the family member huisheng belong to? 
www.freebase.com/m/05z1x7p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is dexter weaver's gender
www.freebase.com/m/05ppy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is original sin
www.freebase.com/m/029sq_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where in europe is west somerset located
www.freebase.com/m/037ybkt	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which media format was (best live) released on
www.freebase.com/m/018p5f	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/03wgcp3	what radio stations do clear channel communications own?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2vgy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	what netflix genre does lolo belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01pd7gs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of bert weedon
www.freebase.com/m/01gw6b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/082fr	What country is autumn sonata from?
www.freebase.com/m/0w6ht6g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does torres make
www.freebase.com/m/0ffnc34	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j9xdk	what release is from the recording jerusalem?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y2t1x	What's an example of an asteroid?
www.freebase.com/m/0pzbn0p	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/014g79	who is the child of cabell calloway ii
www.freebase.com/m/07r4c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	what record label is tori amos signed to
www.freebase.com/m/08y1wh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What language is pocoyo filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/087cct	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What country is carl veart originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/032q3p	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	what faith does st margaret pattens support
www.freebase.com/m/0mlj1	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/county_seat	www.freebase.com/m/010y12	which city is located in mingo county, west virginia
www.freebase.com/m/035pljv	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what region is broadway the hard way released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04kbdm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the north georgia mountains?
www.freebase.com/m/04stgv	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_series/games_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/02s4p8	what are some of the games released in the series pikmin?
www.freebase.com/m/01x4w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h77nv	Which title did charles martel have in the military 
www.freebase.com/m/0crtr_s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of film is november son?
www.freebase.com/m/0jy_t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of film is meshes of the afternoon
www.freebase.com/m/0ryv83x	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	what revolutionary war did james richards participate in
www.freebase.com/m/03_gqs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what musical genre does miki imai make
www.freebase.com/m/02xp9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0v_bf69	What's an album by frédéric chopin
www.freebase.com/m/03wgf2	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	What religion does devadatta subscribe to
www.freebase.com/m/0b6yhjm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What netflix genre is the lady in scarlet in?
www.freebase.com/m/05540dm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025d8rl	what is stéphane bohli known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0gscfk	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	What type of unit is the 41st ohio infantry?
www.freebase.com/m/04pw7m	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what type of lake is medina lake?
www.freebase.com/m/09bzqq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what types of book is gridiron
www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsjl5	what is the active ingredient of titanium dioxide
www.freebase.com/m/031v0k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0ftj1r3	what's the title of one of mœnia's albums
www.freebase.com/m/0vp00sv	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/06sscj	who were the parents of blake cox?
www.freebase.com/m/09g7g6l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	Where was Piotr Pregowski born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsd0bx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	Where did karel plicka die
www.freebase.com/m/03m5_10	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what kind of educational institution is east mecklenburg high school
www.freebase.com/m/04mwpyw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	in what country was oktapodi filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0fwwdp	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/02l5lp	who is the founder of the organization  rifftrax
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0x71_	north american central time zone encompasses and includes this island. 
www.freebase.com/m/0mccs4s	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dy05qs	What album features aquamarine?
www.freebase.com/m/04t1f4y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01n4w	what is a subject of  atticus
www.freebase.com/m/01kr4_m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04ygx5r	what is an album by david ball 
www.freebase.com/m/0crspgy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What type of movie is great russian composers: peter tchaikovsky
www.freebase.com/m/016_rm	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04cksj5	Name a west coast hip hop album. 
www.freebase.com/m/0b7kzs3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07xzm	what instrument was used in the rabbit island music festival
www.freebase.com/m/04wd9gp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	What is the subject of the book the women who lived for danger
www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/05flc4	What is the name of a adult contemporary music station
www.freebase.com/m/01jtbrt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album was philentropy
www.freebase.com/m/01hkg9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is arthur q. bryan?
www.freebase.com/m/01dtj_v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037ljbp	What album is the song master featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0_lgqc_	www.freebase.com/religion/monastery/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion is inishmacsaint
www.freebase.com/m/0by1s_c	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	What language do the characters speak in midnight
www.freebase.com/m/04m_1n3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What type of school is academia maria reina
www.freebase.com/m/06bmtw	www.freebase.com/business/shopping_center/owner	www.freebase.com/m/07xyn1	who is the owner of arundel mills
www.freebase.com/m/04s2z	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03cb8wp	Name a mathematician. 
www.freebase.com/m/010d7g	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0jc7g	Which county can perry be found in
www.freebase.com/m/02x1x3j	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/03bskch	what profession does marianne vi britannia belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0d4zl9	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/015n7r7	what track did robert blackwell produce 
www.freebase.com/m/032p8	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0nzlhsn	What is francis of assisi about?
www.freebase.com/m/0hpyhq3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is shigeru okada's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h6mv0m	Which bollywood film stars Menekka Arora and Arun Bali
www.freebase.com/m/01pv9h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r2dp	what southern california city did leo fender die in
www.freebase.com/m/0d5g2d	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/023x0n	Which weight division does john mccormack fight in
www.freebase.com/m/0ds959	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is jim silva's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01fxg8	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/052q4j	what kind of educational institution is pontifical gregorian university
www.freebase.com/m/0b9wmwf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02zft0	Who composed pieces of dreams
www.freebase.com/m/0x2vm6h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0x2vm5z	what season does the episode  norway appear in
www.freebase.com/m/05nrpjb	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03877	What platform can you use to play napoleon?
www.freebase.com/m/04n5g9q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what is the genre of the book city at the end of time
www.freebase.com/m/05syrzq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	Where was the palace of angels filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0j3rs	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/04jjm8_	dorothy l. sayers is credited for which film?
www.freebase.com/m/026k0j1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what type of composition is bo diddley?
www.freebase.com/m/01nk9sx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	what style of music does mika bomb perform
www.freebase.com/m/037crfr	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what format was the box released?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6hlt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is shawn lee male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03wbqmr	Name a 2002 Indian Tamil romantic biographical film film written and directed by Vasanthabalan
www.freebase.com/m/01hsr07	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what is the album content type of mental jewelry
www.freebase.com/m/027xgns	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are heath high school (ohio)'s colors?
www.freebase.com/m/02vk_bv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music is the album no limitations?
www.freebase.com/m/0t_jmlf	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/026dx	who was the director for the king of ads
www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0b0l0l	What is an example of a high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0p7jb1z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fr_v	Which city was natalia castellanos born  in
www.freebase.com/m/0q5sn27	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the album milestones
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0ch0w_4	whats the name of midfielder football player
www.freebase.com/m/01k_6pl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vt9p3	which artist released dionne warwick - 2000 - best of?
www.freebase.com/m/0hyqs78	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01my_c	Who is the executive producer for spice girls: live in istanbul
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2s6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is old time comedy classics: vol. 9
www.freebase.com/m/0dn29t9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0ddkf	who produced bridge over troubled water?
www.freebase.com/m/0fhs7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05drx90	what episode comes out in dinnerladies
www.freebase.com/m/0c3vwl_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what is 12617 angelusilesius a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0k27cc	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04q4fh	what film was  william schifrin the writer of
www.freebase.com/m/05998q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0b2lw	Where was Leroy Neiman born?
www.freebase.com/m/08_7dtp	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	In what city was the book plato published?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02r1v9_	who is a japanese admiral who found in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/0gx2_c8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	Which European language is blauer dunst filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0ms1f1x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fwwxj6	brazil is a release track from what recording
www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w_7kcs	who was born in rio de janeiro
www.freebase.com/m/0yhb7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is cashiers located in?
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0j2b5n3	What's an example of a silent film
www.freebase.com/m/0_l2dsm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tkvp	Where was marvin t. culpepper born
www.freebase.com/m/04c0mj3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What area is Cauthornville in?
www.freebase.com/m/03qd0p2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was in the film mumbai matinee
www.freebase.com/m/0fw0xp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	what state is theodore baird residence in
www.freebase.com/m/09d11	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/02vzw8n	Who died of meningitis?
www.freebase.com/m/0vjs6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0g4bhy	which character in the wire is a detective?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2b2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of Tylenol Cold Sore Throat Extra Strength?
www.freebase.com/m/03f86d	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	what war did joseph guillemot participate in
www.freebase.com/m/01n8vny	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What type of music is featured on christmas songs
www.freebase.com/m/0dk8zf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7lkt	who is shuichi shindou
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/03h4r7q	what is the second level division of brazil?
www.freebase.com/m/08c64n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljt3	what profession did jewish emery roth have
www.freebase.com/m/04zxlmv	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01sdzg	what is baseball position of bill hague
www.freebase.com/m/04vc5yg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0620ks	who was the editing author of the book midnight in the garden of good and evil?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds2vw_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is maxwell street jimmy davis's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02vyqwq	An example of a forward soccer player would be?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/052pzq2	which movie is comedy-drama
www.freebase.com/m/02x0vc9	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0k_zntf	Name a cinematographer of the film Rango?
www.freebase.com/m/02l3gf	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/06_hyhy	What is an example of victorian architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0vnh4hn	what specific person died from cancer
www.freebase.com/m/04f16sp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0847q	Which australian state was matt benson-lidholm born in
www.freebase.com/m/03lxxk	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/059z0	What country was involved in the battle of the north cape
www.freebase.com/m/0dzmmf5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l1ht4	what track is under the release arise?
www.freebase.com/m/05dz6m	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what genre is crystal city
www.freebase.com/m/0h_1zr7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/created_by	www.freebase.com/m/01xndd	Who created the fictional universe of lost?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9s81	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What subject does the lao hill tribes book contain?
www.freebase.com/m/0g09ll	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What netflix genre is sexo con amor in?
www.freebase.com/m/013g3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fqb4t	Who was born in alexandria?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhvtcb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0qhgrf0	From what release is the track barcelona from
www.freebase.com/m/0tv7qw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l8t78r	which track is part of annie
www.freebase.com/m/0hqshpf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0439s3	what is the key component of loma lux psoriasis
www.freebase.com/m/05p553	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04myk_s	what is a comedy film made in india
www.freebase.com/m/01ksn6f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what type of music can be found on greatest hits 1990-1995
www.freebase.com/m/03hfxx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	where did mehmood's life end
www.freebase.com/m/02qflcd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	what type of music is the city drive
www.freebase.com/m/04wdxgj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0cd78	what is the topic of the written piece organizing dixie
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t3c0x	What is the name of a book of the speculative fiction literary genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02h78p7	www.freebase.com/time/holiday_category/holidays	www.freebase.com/m/016v69	whats a holiday in the  western christian holiday category
www.freebase.com/m/0fvdd5f	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was ready to receive released?
www.freebase.com/m/0g8wc2	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/015kp7	what type of volcano is opala volcano
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gqyp1	where uses central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/05z96	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03bqv6	Name a poet. 
www.freebase.com/m/0408sh3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01hvk	laurent malet was born here.
www.freebase.com/m/04yfxtj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where in france did alberto magnelli die
www.freebase.com/m/0b1fp	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain_listing/mountains	www.freebase.com/m/0fwb0w	This mountain is the most easterly of the Munro peaks.
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0nhr5bj	Name a musician.
www.freebase.com/m/02_qp3	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wcjl2	what book is written about ecclesiology?
www.freebase.com/m/09gc2hz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country did the film  stealing heaven come from
www.freebase.com/m/061sgl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/019fh	In which city was carrie stevens born?
www.freebase.com/m/0cylqf	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0p2n	where is crossing of the andes located
www.freebase.com/m/01q0hh0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Sigmund Groven's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/03m9zw9	whats the name of a location found in north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0dn21df	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0109fz0	What's the original version of komodo
www.freebase.com/m/06nc340	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/part_of_series	www.freebase.com/m/047r1vg	which book was part of series of world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/0hnlx	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02pxgfg	arnold schoenberg wrote which film?
www.freebase.com/m/01mxqyk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/017l96	what record label is bebe winans under
www.freebase.com/m/01m_320	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01clyr	what label is the spotnicks contracted with
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jzn8g0	What minor planet orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/0405sc3	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	what kind of architectural style is st. mary help of christians church 
www.freebase.com/m/0ym8n8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/012m_	which country is károly stephanides from
www.freebase.com/m/0dxcy2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	in what format is too gangsta for radio presented
www.freebase.com/m/02dwq5	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/07x21	what religious practice does morris dees participate in 
www.freebase.com/m/03wysl9	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01svw8n	which pop singer is featured on big r radio - top 40 hits
www.freebase.com/m/0p4p8z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0244r8	Name a member from the group tempest. 
www.freebase.com/m/02z0b5x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is william e. mcanulty, jr.'s gender
www.freebase.com/m/0qccrtc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/08vx5l	Name the producer of the recording of "Loops & Tings"?
www.freebase.com/m/0dq6cdc	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01vrnsk	who is ringo deathstarr named after
www.freebase.com/m/04q796d	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	what is the architectural style of park region luther college
www.freebase.com/m/02d3wg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v2rg23	whos someone born in the catskill mountains
www.freebase.com/m/0zlb29d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/05l2y3	who composed the song cars collide?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmc8_1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05xq16	which artist made the recording tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/09p4lsx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7lkt	who is annie known to be
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01p6dh_	whats the name of an artist who makes  indie rock
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fh5qzx	Which album is a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpdr9	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what color is risperidone m-tab 2 orally disintegrating tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02pm0p7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02dtg	where was john digiorgio born?
www.freebase.com/m/049jst	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02rbvkq	Which language family do uto-aztecan languages belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0160w	www.freebase.com/royalty/kingdom/rulers	www.freebase.com/m/0d1_f	who was the ruler of the bahamas?
www.freebase.com/m/0gvbxj7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0c73g	Who composed der page?
www.freebase.com/m/02hwrfd	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0g1lx	which language family contains koba language
www.freebase.com/m/0j76yz4	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0j5yc4r	what film was sebastian pfaffenbichler the cinematographer of 
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/01y90t	what are the names of an african american lightweight boxer?
www.freebase.com/m/04lffw5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does lucio esposito play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0bcfy	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/07v5g4	who is a noise artist
www.freebase.com/m/07s2s	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t1gwg	what book has time travel as a subject?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03ygl1n	what is the planetary system in the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/016vfpg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ss5vct	which track is on politics
www.freebase.com/m/0358c07	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0180qp2	what is a track on the release set design
www.freebase.com/m/04zxqgs	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	What kind of music is played on a tribute to the beast vol.2
www.freebase.com/m/07l50yv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of movie is shirley adams
www.freebase.com/m/02_3h7	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	what position does nap lajoie play 
www.freebase.com/m/036nr7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	Where did elizabeth p. farrington die
www.freebase.com/m/04xqrz0	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	how is the book once upon a time bounded?
www.freebase.com/m/0414_ys	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05z64	Who is the author that wrote synners
www.freebase.com/m/04wc41j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/012lzc	what is the subject of the written work the tao of abundance
www.freebase.com/m/03c83h9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what kind of film is human stuff
www.freebase.com/m/01kff7	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/01gj1vg	What's the soundtrack for the movie wild wild west
www.freebase.com/m/0ld2s0g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0369s38	What album includes the song santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hk0x4d	what male actor was born in chicago
www.freebase.com/m/038yt3d	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mb8lh	what is the album with the song orange and blue on it 
www.freebase.com/m/02640st	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/category_of	www.freebase.com/m/06510x	which award category does winsor mccay award belong to
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026_2l3	Name a film in the genre black-and-white
www.freebase.com/m/05ydx0	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what is the religion of ayesha takia?
www.freebase.com/m/06j0d5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/039cq4	Which netflix genre can you find the animal under?
www.freebase.com/m/04_27s	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/065ky	Where is the gers river located?
www.freebase.com/m/04hdcj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/08nq2l	where in new zealand did john thornton down die?
www.freebase.com/m/0288tkt	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was feel sorry for the fanatic
www.freebase.com/m/026z74t	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of work is karl zerbe famous for
www.freebase.com/m/06_y4xr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	Which language is procesado 1040 filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0np740w	whats the name of an album by robert wright and george forrest
www.freebase.com/m/012_vv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0_mshqs	What albums are by boston symphony orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/0x0syp6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the movie classification of  the amateur gentleman
www.freebase.com/m/0mfdz3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01hvrjd	what was a release in the recording mercy
www.freebase.com/m/05cc9h	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bw5nr	Who's somebody that identifies with the somali people
www.freebase.com/m/09_b4	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_sport/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0swff	which Olympic games was freestyle skiing contested 
www.freebase.com/m/01k4f	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/03hg3qv	What is a tourist attraction in basel
www.freebase.com/m/0dtcsh3	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/03h2kkl	What film is the soundtrack another cinderella story from?
www.freebase.com/m/0dj9yhp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	What is the netflix genre of cry for the strangers?
www.freebase.com/m/081mh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010yns	what is located in west virginia
www.freebase.com/m/04wh5v9	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what is the category of the book a to z of scientists in weather and climate
www.freebase.com/m/0b765j_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is the growth movie spoken
www.freebase.com/m/06pgdr	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	Which war did chalmers wylie participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/01qlbg8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is the neon philharmonic originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0_cld	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mwcz	What county is salisbury located in
www.freebase.com/m/01jx68g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	is past and present heavy metal or pop 
www.freebase.com/m/05ghjct	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/018w8	Which sport does the san josé state spartans mens basketball team play
www.freebase.com/m/01t2_b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gbwxv	where did jorge rafael videla die?
www.freebase.com/m/02qwjl5	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03qlqw8	Who did the music for love story 2050
www.freebase.com/m/01frzms	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is extreme days considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0c9dpr	What's an example of a public school
www.freebase.com/m/05yr5jt	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/includes_causes_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	What is a type of assassination in ways which appear natural
www.freebase.com/m/0q3_gnf	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does david owen play in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/0jj10	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0rkmc	which city is placed in flagler county
www.freebase.com/m/02ptvc6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What type of music is the album radio?
www.freebase.com/m/03jhk4q	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05qvjy	what artist recorded the album hand cut
www.freebase.com/m/0nhmw	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0w1dt	What is the name of a place located in hennepin county
www.freebase.com/m/03y16t0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 15673 chetaev orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0b6yhfp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What was the genre of trimmed in furs?
www.freebase.com/m/0hgqlnz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02h7y4	where was ihor ozarkiv born
www.freebase.com/m/06s9y	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language to people speak in samoa?
www.freebase.com/m/0n734w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012lsf	Which artist recorded poison
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gybv1f	what's a german language romance film
www.freebase.com/m/04gdk0c	www.freebase.com/computer/software/protocols_used	www.freebase.com/m/03hgt	Which protocol is used in ibm data studio
www.freebase.com/m/0l6wj	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/02z956b	What is a film that leo mccarey directed?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3zh3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is edward lucas's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/026zv8_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of holiday in your heart
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5n2f	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0svjw	what is a japanese netflix movie
www.freebase.com/m/04y6cm	www.freebase.com/astronomy/extraterrestrial_location/type_of_planetographic_feature	www.freebase.com/m/01wr8	what is debye
www.freebase.com/m/05ppy0	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/033g1f	What's a movie that shane black helped write
www.freebase.com/m/05fjy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b9nxf	What is a town located in new mexico?
www.freebase.com/m/0zqmwt7	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0zpfgm4	what title track is from the album jungle fever
www.freebase.com/m/041rx	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0b1zjs	what is the name of a jewish philanthropist
www.freebase.com/m/0fck5xg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0149rcb	WHat's a track from argus
www.freebase.com/m/0537t3	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04w34y	whats the name of an italian town in province of pistoia
www.freebase.com/m/0r8mmq3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is mark thompson's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04nrt1r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg2m	What is dont look down?
www.freebase.com/m/024rp_	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/01yqp	what ideology does the new patriotic party believe
www.freebase.com/m/0n85g	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g0y81d	Name an album released by virgin records
www.freebase.com/m/0gs2k8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is patrick cobbs from?
www.freebase.com/m/0p75szk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the birth place of lynn johnson
www.freebase.com/m/07d9sn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0121585	what song was performed by girls against boys
www.freebase.com/m/0hzc5l9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre of movie is concerto per michelangelo?
www.freebase.com/m/0nqxsbd	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nll_2l	The release track armageddon is from which recording 
www.freebase.com/m/052n1y5	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/01r1z5	What kind of food is cafe mozu
www.freebase.com/m/026jxj5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is harald pietschmann's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs6vq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01dd0g	what is the active ingredient in bacto plus
www.freebase.com/m/0f6vds	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0lx9z	what is a english baroque work
www.freebase.com/m/03xx87w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01myr4x	What artist produced the album quickspace
www.freebase.com/m/07yg2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m1hhv	what is a song by the velvet underground
www.freebase.com/m/04t0_ns	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05p_v3	Who wrote the book the sagan diary
www.freebase.com/m/0m89z_4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dmrg2m	what is the release track on telephone
www.freebase.com/m/0gsyz4s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What type of film is lyoha dostoevsky - a descendant of a genius considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/0dp4sc2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jmqv1	who recorded ethics?
www.freebase.com/m/01j179s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What is the album type of born to be wild?
www.freebase.com/m/0540x_	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/07s6yq	what is the nearest travel destination to  dakshineswar kali temple
www.freebase.com/m/049k9qr	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was now thats what i call music! 28 released?
www.freebase.com/m/0fm6sdp	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country was silk road, volume 2 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0c1llmz	What is the title of a netflix spain film?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkbgt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what country is béla szőkefalvi-nagy from
www.freebase.com/m/011gw8	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	Which time zone is wilson apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03hhx2x	what is an Australian album known for its rock music
www.freebase.com/m/0sqwtpk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	the twelve foot ninja is a band that records what genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq06bj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/013mtx	where did homer blankenship die
www.freebase.com/m/05k5_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j5mzfn	who is a child of cristina fernández de kirchner
www.freebase.com/m/0zcsxwt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of por tu maldito amor
www.freebase.com/m/03m77r6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yw4z	Where was paul kester born?
www.freebase.com/m/073424	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01w5p8h	who did the music for the film italian for beginners
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_bg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03hpqm	what's the active ingredient in menthol, methyl salicylate 80/300 cream
www.freebase.com/m/03_ydpn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m61fh5	what is a song featured in slutna rum 7595
www.freebase.com/m/063_cl5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is selma, lord, selma in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxfkvp	name a professional screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w28br	brian swimme wrote what book that dealt with  science
www.freebase.com/m/01gbgyx	www.freebase.com/music/soundtrack/film	www.freebase.com/m/03rhhk	What film is urban legend the soundtrack for?
www.freebase.com/m/06xqmj	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is ewen montagu's profession
www.freebase.com/m/03vqn6	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_director/plays_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0k37xs0	Name of theater director richard eyre's plays
www.freebase.com/m/0m4f4x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fdxp6_	what release is stay from?
www.freebase.com/m/01m58kt	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0347tnn	What was a release of strip (album)?
www.freebase.com/m/07jzd6q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07cdrx5	what series is david spade an episode from 
www.freebase.com/m/05fb9q2	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	WHat position does ron porter play 
www.freebase.com/m/0m10sgc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j6sky	What release is evolution a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/02rw0xf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/049ql1	who published law & order: double or nothing?
www.freebase.com/m/02z3dn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is city of wakefield in?
www.freebase.com/m/0qdzd	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cy2b6	what film is considered a b movie?
www.freebase.com/m/0281wvv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does make?
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0489pfb	Name a location within california
www.freebase.com/m/05cr77	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/0c19r	Which family is cosimo iii de medici from
www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/023wzn	Name a location in denmark
www.freebase.com/m/07ndr3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqmx3r	which drugs does mylan laboratories inc. manufacture
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02x5xmd	which baseball player played for the red sox briefly
www.freebase.com/m/0bs3f54	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what film genre is 21 and a wake-up
www.freebase.com/m/016tw3	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04cs2cj	Who is an artist that was signed to universal studios
www.freebase.com/m/082db	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01klnm5	what are album by wolfgang amadeus mozart
www.freebase.com/m/04wjcr5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04y5g	what is the subject of film history
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w8nr5	what books are about england?
www.freebase.com/m/0w1dxtk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is yuddham from?
www.freebase.com/m/027yn9d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05dwk_	Where was Beto Naveda born?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_frtk	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	What label put out overtones?
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/base/eating/diets/people_who_follow_this_diet	www.freebase.com/m/03_5ls	what person follows  veganism
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b8l1g	what is a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/09kgst6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lrrt	what kind of film is five gates to hell
www.freebase.com/m/0163tw	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/geographic_distribution	www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	where do the hausa people live
www.freebase.com/m/0b__fxz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film the old army game
www.freebase.com/m/048hhs	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02w4rbb	Name a place that can be found in tirunelveli.
www.freebase.com/m/0np8vrz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album content is touch my evil?
www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/026s99b	What is a train station is japan
www.freebase.com/m/0fn7k0	www.freebase.com/amusement_parks/ride/park	www.freebase.com/m/06dm23	what amusement park is dragon mountain in?
www.freebase.com/m/0131yn	www.freebase.com/user/robert/roman_empire/roman_emperor/emperor_of	www.freebase.com/m/06cmp	which empire did didius julianus ruled over?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gp9fv	what is a movie was drama released in 1997
www.freebase.com/m/0km740s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	whats lia orlandini's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0407_s4	what player is a  goalkeeper in football
www.freebase.com/m/0k1qv9r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of kailash sharma
www.freebase.com/m/05jl8d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/085656	who designed final fantasy xiii
www.freebase.com/m/07sc1jp	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/05x2t7	who was the costumer designer for the film a modern hero 
www.freebase.com/m/0f44by	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01ydch	where was franck dumas born 
www.freebase.com/m/01nn7s9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0r00l	Where did jeffrey steele originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0p79rn3	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06lbvj	Who's credited as the producer of the end of time
www.freebase.com/m/03ctxsf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was lonesome luke lolls in luxury filmed
www.freebase.com/m/015w6q	www.freebase.com/business/brand/products	www.freebase.com/m/05h9d8k	Name a barbie product
www.freebase.com/m/04n7f9k	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/016gvg	what is the automotive class of seat exeo?
www.freebase.com/m/04zmh8z	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the art form of meryl lebowitz
www.freebase.com/m/0jf2l0l	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09949m	in what main turkish city did asım nipton die
www.freebase.com/m/0pxtv4d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What type of genre is the braineater?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/026ypby	What is a Japanese animation series
www.freebase.com/m/04tb1l	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is live - greetings from the west?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkstrc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what language is spoken in the film  hitman in the hand of buddha
www.freebase.com/m/02_ycy	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0lgdxb	what song was produce by chas chandler
www.freebase.com/m/0lr8g10	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0lrcb8y	Who is the producer of a raisin in the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyvngr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01clml8	what is a track from holes
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt7j1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/08wx2k	how is chamomilla supposed to be taken
www.freebase.com/m/03bykwy	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what are positions played by kostadin dzhambazov
www.freebase.com/m/0ds80xb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/012yc	what type of music does yolandi visser create
www.freebase.com/m/03b7sm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01zxx9	which city did muhammad azam shah die
www.freebase.com/m/03wf9hy	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04v048	Who directed violent saturday
www.freebase.com/m/0d44z5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what type of music is on the album final fantasy v: original sound version?
www.freebase.com/m/026t6	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/09qfsm	who played the drum  in the Los Angeles rock quintet Rooney
www.freebase.com/m/0386wt	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	What is a. n. r. robinson's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/05006s	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01whvzn	which comedian influenced demetri martin
www.freebase.com/m/02q71_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of television show is marine boy?
www.freebase.com/m/01m78m8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0wh3	Where was Rachel lampa born?
www.freebase.com/m/0ndw_9q	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does matthew charles have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/01hfwq	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/01mv3x	who is the founder of the ludwig von mises institute
www.freebase.com/m/0k_mf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/043r0m	which baseball pitcher is from northridge?
www.freebase.com/m/03gy3kf	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0lq6zj8	which musician composed for monster mash (1995 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0dwc_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of game is half-life (video game)
www.freebase.com/m/0fkltb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Arthur Blenkinsop's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0h97d87	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	Which genre is the album take me to your heart again associated with
www.freebase.com/m/07yj3nb	www.freebase.com/food/dish/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0dj75	what is an ingredient in polpo in umido con cipolle
www.freebase.com/m/0glwp9	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0j80w	which film was designed by john mccarthy, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/0n87060	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/035whbx	what album is brasilia on
www.freebase.com/m/0gb2ch	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what is the time zone of malcesine?
www.freebase.com/m/0498y	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_place_of_origin/military_units	www.freebase.com/m/0h162pr	which military unit comes from kentucky
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p4ypg	What's an album featuring CoH
www.freebase.com/m/0g6t7h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country is bruzolo in
www.freebase.com/m/0fqp_h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0g409_	who is the director of the pilot for x-files
www.freebase.com/m/0g910	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what subject is the green hills of earth about?
www.freebase.com/m/01mkn_d	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/02rrfzf	what film did john debney create music for
www.freebase.com/m/080p689	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What kind of movie is i've been waiting for you?
www.freebase.com/m/0168vk	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0vpjgqk	which was a film poem is contributed by tony harrison
www.freebase.com/m/06fpsx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what kind of film is the 40-year-old virgin
www.freebase.com/m/0f7s5p	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city houses the neighborhood weeksville, brooklyn
www.freebase.com/m/01vsf13	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	Which type of music does jaki liebezeit release
www.freebase.com/m/0fypb0d	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mt8k_c	which track contains soft shapes
www.freebase.com/m/02m8fr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lk4k5	What's a remix made by atb
www.freebase.com/m/0crk7qk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country is rama narayanan originally from
www.freebase.com/m/02yfjh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of object is 2999 dante?
www.freebase.com/m/04rltj	www.freebase.com/theater/theater/theatrical_productions_staged_here	www.freebase.com/m/0zgnzdy	What was theatrical production of MacBeth staged in?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_3vp3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What type of thing is tatooine
www.freebase.com/m/03v5hz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what book genre is the dragonbone chair?
www.freebase.com/m/0yswpw0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What did Agustí Mezquida do?
www.freebase.com/m/051wjrc	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	whats the architectural style of george washington's gristmill
www.freebase.com/m/06stn4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0shdsp	What is a name of a track made by the artist Alice in Videoland?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyvhwk	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/09h9mv	who developed the game vay
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dm2b3z	which fiction novel has a female lead character?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzxzp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	who made the game shadow hearts?
www.freebase.com/m/05l49_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/08wv2l	Which company developed harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban
www.freebase.com/m/0v_7l43	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What does vassilis katsikis do professionally
www.freebase.com/m/05r7t	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/03r1mk	Which cyclone affected puerto rico in the 1970's?
www.freebase.com/m/0djvd2s	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/044rv	Where was the book antologi drama indonesia, jilid 4 (1969-2000) published
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02vmggk	whats the name of an indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/027pbnq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	where was miguel Ángel virasoro given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0f198dg	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is i been mistreated released in?
www.freebase.com/m/01s4nrb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what genre is asambhav
www.freebase.com/m/0l8d74	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03601vh	what was zulu released on
www.freebase.com/m/0fw64j2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07mvp	who is brown sugar by
www.freebase.com/m/01t475	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was logan's run originally written in 
www.freebase.com/m/075k8dl	www.freebase.com/location/hud_section_8_area/county	www.freebase.com/m/0l2vz	which county contains san francisco, ca hud metro fmr area
www.freebase.com/m/03v0mn	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/067xd	what kind of license was intellij idea released under?
www.freebase.com/m/09xsnc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what type of game is hit the ice
www.freebase.com/m/04hv7y	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/072txm	what is a work by david malouf
www.freebase.com/m/0r5py05	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of ethel scull?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdkjy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	What was masonic spiritual architecture written about?
www.freebase.com/m/045n6c9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what is the genre of the film the eighteenth angel
www.freebase.com/m/07tzj1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is tony phillips from
www.freebase.com/m/0j_x4m2	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/05t25f7	which movie is produced by sophie reynaud
www.freebase.com/m/0d7n9	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03j6yvr	what songs has norman granz produced
www.freebase.com/m/0jrpf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0rn42	which state is martin county located in
www.freebase.com/m/086bmd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is michael sachs known for doing as a profession
www.freebase.com/m/04gqyqt	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/09f3czq	Who was the casting director of summer hours
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0y43380	which actor was born in sydney?
www.freebase.com/m/0288dp9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What soccer position does georgi vasilev play
www.freebase.com/m/06qq3qg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xz8y	What is the birth place of tom hart?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdxz1	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w349f	What something written by lisa kleypas?
www.freebase.com/m/050s2b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01l_9d	where is santa maria located 
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0488v_6	where is a place to visit in california
www.freebase.com/m/04js33g	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	what religion does ellen swedberg practice
www.freebase.com/m/0kmgsbk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0x_wm2	The track energy is from what release
www.freebase.com/m/03y81qv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is 9539 prishvin
www.freebase.com/m/07kx5k	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07lf83	which film was produced by zhang yuan
www.freebase.com/m/04lh6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0pqbv	Name someone who was born in liverpool
www.freebase.com/m/0h5rdjy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06jdl	where did joseph vogel die?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrhw2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07bs0	What type of sports film is arthur ashe: citizen of the world?
www.freebase.com/m/025xk54	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0173b0	what kind of music is proud to be loud
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/011x6r	which book is speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/06x1j0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Timothy Treadwall?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds0sx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rmby	Where did arthur g. hansen die?
www.freebase.com/m/016j2b	www.freebase.com/base/crime/crime_victim/crime_type	www.freebase.com/m/012hw	What crime was dian fossey a victim of
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0r9xp	What is the name of a place located in mountain time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4qjy7	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/09qc1	who wrote the story for the film michelangelo eye to eye
www.freebase.com/m/0sn24jv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fcl5d1	What was dogma released with
www.freebase.com/m/046hs6	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is tim vine's native language 
www.freebase.com/m/0g56lzw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0781g	What genre is the album stormwarning classifed under
www.freebase.com/m/07dz2s	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01lnxsj	what is the music featured on the fountain
www.freebase.com/m/01qvbt7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02z0j	where did d-flame get started
www.freebase.com/m/0vpgyqj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06w2sn5	What pop musician released right here
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/047f4l6	who played defender
www.freebase.com/m/0fqbw9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0205rh	who is the author of bad hare day
www.freebase.com/m/0411v8x	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what instrument can caleb scofield play?
www.freebase.com/m/041p9l_	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	what license is jeremy blake and theresa duncan under
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qznvd	whats a fantasy literary book
www.freebase.com/m/0c4rq4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/034m8	what sovereign state is konawaruk river located in
www.freebase.com/m/02lt8	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/027gck0	what books have edgar allan poe written?
www.freebase.com/m/02q_hw1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rkkv	samuel gibbs french died in this florida city.
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03qnn4f	Who is a southern author born in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/03y1bh8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what asteroid group is 11161 daibosatsu a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02bqy	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/subsidiary_or_constituent_schools	www.freebase.com/m/03wfd2	what is an institution in dartmouth college  
www.freebase.com/m/0ly2fxy	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/014fsf4	what is the release track on vietnam
www.freebase.com/m/01vwd7x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0skdjt9	What is one of the songs released by jayceon terrell taylor?
www.freebase.com/m/01bchh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02fcx	Who wrote the mind's i 
www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01k4t7r	What is the name of a alternative metal album
www.freebase.com/m/016nvy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03m6hgp	What is a live album of alejandra guzman?
www.freebase.com/m/03c4lb	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/015cjr	what is allen ludden's profession in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/03gh4	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02c_yk	Name a volcano located in hawaii
www.freebase.com/m/073f0d	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0ccvx	what neighborhood is lindenwood located in
www.freebase.com/m/0dkffmq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is mirko boland's gender
www.freebase.com/m/09mzhx	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_company/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0zg4w80	which 1983 plays were in the new york shakespeare festival?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22p4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02vqhv0	what is a movie title located in  family adventures in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0crh8yq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of film is kohlhiesel's daughters
www.freebase.com/m/04q2yz_	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	what basketball position does luke harangody play
www.freebase.com/m/01wvhvn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation is michael moore originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/05ndnks	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jk9n	what type of film is last night
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/027vlr9	what is an animation company
www.freebase.com/m/01yndb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0ytc0qg	what albums did taj mahal record?
www.freebase.com/m/01wgqjk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what kind of music does robert clivillés make
www.freebase.com/m/0dvt0z	www.freebase.com/award/competition/competitors	www.freebase.com/m/033rbn	Name a competitor in miss universe 2004.
www.freebase.com/m/0rkwhcq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l0jh1	What is the name of the artist that recorded ill be missing you
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09p9wj	what book is science fiction
www.freebase.com/m/080m9vp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position does phil kelly play
www.freebase.com/m/0_p34	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mvjj	in which county in South Dakota is wolsey located
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr3wy	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is the color of the drug  premphase 0.625,0.625/5 kit
www.freebase.com/m/03nwv24	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nlhkn2	what track is by green river ordinance?
www.freebase.com/m/025x8lf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is mehrab hossain, jr.'s gender
www.freebase.com/m/01687_j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0364bpj	what release is the recording closer from
www.freebase.com/m/0gk6gl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzjf	Where is canaro located?
www.freebase.com/m/0pkn_kw	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what languages does byron l. wilson speak
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02897p2	name an album in the electronica genre?
www.freebase.com/m/022prxf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq23_d	which category would super size me be under in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/012g5t	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0g8gq	which town is wartburg located in 
www.freebase.com/m/04bh3m9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country locates hendrysburg
www.freebase.com/m/08zqnf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is carli banks male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04t3tbb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/015j7	what is the subject of the written work, miracles
www.freebase.com/m/01l6l2	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0f1sm	Where was sharps rifle manufacturing company founded
www.freebase.com/m/0f7g37	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0pf5y	where was  marion caspers-merk born
www.freebase.com/m/0436dqt	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/disciplines_or_subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g51	what is best fact crime
www.freebase.com/m/04yd4ht	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what type of music does we are the ocean make 
www.freebase.com/m/0g1z5sg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0rqnmpt	whats the name of song on the album the collection
www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0btcbv	What is an example of a satire film
www.freebase.com/m/04wg_13	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	what is the the nature and limits of political science book about
www.freebase.com/m/03h2j7k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013d7t	Where was demetrious maxie born
www.freebase.com/m/01nswp8	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was i, robot released
www.freebase.com/m/026r_ml	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is richy müller's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03y0gtw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Which company published battlefield 3?
www.freebase.com/m/01m8dg	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/047nhr2	is there another attraction in plymouth other than plymouth rock
www.freebase.com/m/01v0nrl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmb5nh	What's a track from jamie saft
www.freebase.com/m/06nv_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wglm3	shamanism deals with what subjects and themes
www.freebase.com/m/01nqxcy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kjssqb	which track contains god of hell
www.freebase.com/m/046fx9	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0dbcnz	What is a book paul scott authored?
www.freebase.com/m/05zjnk7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0g0y9r	What company did fred chang found
www.freebase.com/m/0p_g6b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m9dlfg	Name a track off of the recording dangerous
www.freebase.com/m/013hxv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0b2zp1	who was born in durham, North Carolina
www.freebase.com/m/0g6sy2	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/rugby_player/type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/06f3l	which rugby does basil richards play
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0l6wrcf	who played the bass guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmwr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	Which film genre is the dividing hour listed under?
www.freebase.com/m/0b64qy9	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/technology_class/company_involved	www.freebase.com/m/027t1gd	which company was involved in dna sequencing instrumentation and services
www.freebase.com/m/06p6zv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/013p62z	what is a song by františek Škroup
www.freebase.com/m/071029	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	which country is timo salonen from
www.freebase.com/m/01gq3p	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_director/plays_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0z7jh4g	Which play did trevor nunn direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j1bx_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03yf0q	who composed sahara (instrumental)?
www.freebase.com/m/0g92n_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of music is fragmentsofunbecoming known for?
www.freebase.com/m/06sdd3	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/09g_dm	what airline is lic. adolfo lópez mateos international airport the hub for
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/064lzd	what would be an example of an indie film?
www.freebase.com/m/02r0pjg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	what kind of school is st. joseph catholic high school
www.freebase.com/m/05nsjx5	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	who published the game version nhl 2002
www.freebase.com/m/05sny38	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02p0sh1	what kind of music does michel lalonde perform
www.freebase.com/m/027bfb8	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/04_1l2q	Where is the second level division of Skálavík?
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b_zwy4	what is a crime fiction film?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzzhr2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what's one of the regions that the album village people was released in
www.freebase.com/m/02k6zz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03kjh	Where did james milne wilson die
www.freebase.com/m/0bcthjm	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/03q349	What film did thomas ambrose direct the art for?
www.freebase.com/m/036sk3g	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which country was the album 20 classics of the 80s released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02r8fs	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is vouliagmeni
www.freebase.com/m/09gkxzs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	What is the genre of artist that high five drive is?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgqn2c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of pasquale tola
www.freebase.com/m/0n32cv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/086qd	who recorded thinking about you?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnbnz9	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kdr2j	what are some of the albums released by run-d.m.c.?
www.freebase.com/m/0c74z6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mz2	What kind of book is the gate of time
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y781y	what orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/09pkq0	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/0y4980d	Which time zone is australia located in
www.freebase.com/m/08brsr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/033tf_	what is the ethnicity of kevin j. o'toole?
www.freebase.com/m/0zffw2m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the film holden
www.freebase.com/m/02k_jb	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_facility/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0bl8l	which sports team play at villa park 
www.freebase.com/m/04fknv	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0bqtx	What war did charles ward participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0gkxy9x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release is world's on fire
www.freebase.com/m/02q07k8	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q2yln	who is signed with fervent records
www.freebase.com/m/0_gtz8t	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_championship_event/championship	www.freebase.com/m/04_602	which sports championship event was 2013 afc championship game part of
www.freebase.com/m/027bdyk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was jim kyle born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cglgw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is james buckman's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxltb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is jay robert nash from
www.freebase.com/m/0n3d4	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0ynsf	what is an example of a city in dickey county, north dakota
www.freebase.com/m/04ghyqw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	which south american country is nicomedes santa cruz from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqc7g	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/05lm7z	What company manufactures motion sickness 50 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/089f25	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0b6dhkk	which dramatic film by joshiy also had suresh gopi in a leading role
www.freebase.com/m/0dlk04q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01dzyc	what country was sofía Álvarez born
www.freebase.com/m/0dy0x_6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_soundtrack/tv_program	www.freebase.com/m/0db2s5	what show is yo gabba gabba! the soundtrack for
www.freebase.com/m/0r8mbk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/09hnb	who produced black gravity?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gh72q	which album is a compilation album type
www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0_sjff3	who are people born in japan
www.freebase.com/m/02301	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/036k5h	what is a color of city college of new york
www.freebase.com/m/02d6rv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is the movie thunderbirds from
www.freebase.com/m/0378fb1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01bh5wy	what are some examples of songs in the album europa?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxwl3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What kind of film is schubert: alfonso und estrella?
www.freebase.com/m/06wxw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gw7qps	which actor was born in st. louis
www.freebase.com/m/02hl57r	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0500wf	Who developed star wars: battlefront?
www.freebase.com/m/01f8m5	www.freebase.com/base/birdconservation/bird_taxa/leg_band_size_s	www.freebase.com/m/052w2qg	what is the leg band size of a blue jay
www.freebase.com/m/0dc4df	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre of film is home page in?
www.freebase.com/m/0y7n1cj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/012vd6	what musician created share your love with me
www.freebase.com/m/01lyz9j	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	in what format is limelight played
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/053ymk	Name a football forward
www.freebase.com/m/0btltd	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/0184rb	what is the category of narrows pond
www.freebase.com/m/0328vs	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprc8	what is the rating for canadian bacon
www.freebase.com/m/0zxczb0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is dreaming in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0d5934	Name a goalkeeper.
www.freebase.com/m/023x88	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	which area is haight-ashbury a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0660fc9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is the tv program originally from 
www.freebase.com/m/0crrnh6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what language is happy birthday, lola in?
www.freebase.com/m/01ccsr	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	where did the organization partido acción nacional  form
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02vzhmm	what are soul music albums?
www.freebase.com/m/05pm_9p	www.freebase.com/type/type/instance	www.freebase.com/m/05djx3	who is a rugby player
www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ghn7	Name a person born in San Francisco.
www.freebase.com/m/0m6q8yb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/049l27d	What's a release from veronica lake
www.freebase.com/m/0dgks23	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is the norseman from
www.freebase.com/m/02hm0pj	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02hk_py	who published the game venus the flytrap?
www.freebase.com/m/070jvj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is the profession of chapman mortimer
www.freebase.com/m/01pbnv	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/cities	www.freebase.com/m/018dh3	what city is lake simcoe in
www.freebase.com/m/03j01qw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08z0wx	what type of music does ji-in cho play
www.freebase.com/m/0ktbyh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0_3cs	which town did henry clay longnecker die
www.freebase.com/m/0sjqk7g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0sltft6	which release track is yellow submarine?
www.freebase.com/m/02gm18	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/04kjc4y	what is a medication for peripheral vascular disease
www.freebase.com/m/0rkkv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/047pxh4	which american and canadian football player was born in pensacola?
www.freebase.com/m/0ttmv2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x0y62	who recorded the song kansas city
www.freebase.com/m/0l2mgxr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Which city anna theresa harron died
www.freebase.com/m/02p8310	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	What is mona lisa overdrive (album)?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvfnzr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w5svw	which artist recorded cherry red / baby look at you
www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxnmyd	What's the active ingredient in titanium dioxide
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0zx8b4d	Who is a midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/06gyd	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04ymd0l	what books have ray kurzweil written?
www.freebase.com/m/0fg5dhw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/065y7q	What artist recorded freestyle?
www.freebase.com/m/01hk1mb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was joe dirt car released
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmqs5	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is the flector 180 patch
www.freebase.com/m/048yt3b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is hicks in?
www.freebase.com/m/018gkb	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zh1p_c	What song did adrian belew write?
www.freebase.com/m/0_mhtl6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/048fgd	Who is the composer of the composition just to hold you once again
www.freebase.com/m/01kvqc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01_gt8w	where is branford marsalis from
www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtb5m	menthol is a key ingredient in what topical solution?
www.freebase.com/m/07zffn	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does terry r. spence practice?
www.freebase.com/m/01315ky	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/036msb8	what album was texas released on 
www.freebase.com/m/06ms6	www.freebase.com/education/field_of_study/journals_in_this_discipline	www.freebase.com/m/0g4dsd	What kind of field of study is sociology?
www.freebase.com/m/03hj6w4	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/02d3wg	which mountain range is blackhead in
www.freebase.com/m/02vpxy_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	what kind of album is ten thousand lightyears
www.freebase.com/m/0br9z4q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05xx1t2	Who wrote andrew jackson?
www.freebase.com/m/03bsc2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/046drw	where was louis antoine fauvelet de bourrienne born
www.freebase.com/m/0bnw_q	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What kind of visual art is Richard Pousette-Dart associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/048wzqt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	What US state is conyers estates in
www.freebase.com/m/04wm85	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	What is the dagbani language
www.freebase.com/m/02kcx5g	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/biofluid_location	www.freebase.com/m/0b7q43	which biofluid can butanoic acid, 3-methyl- be found in
www.freebase.com/m/01vxqyl	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/060nt6	what lyrics did vanilla ice write
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04f_zl6	What's a mystery film released in 1988
www.freebase.com/m/0crxtx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is jon abrahams's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/027lh43	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what format does pebbles, volume 17 have
www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03f0pkk	which opera singer died of natural causes
www.freebase.com/m/02pmp2p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Where in Europe is bamako filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/09z81p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/02q4hch	what tv program did fred olen ray create
www.freebase.com/m/0g29zh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0c1d0	where did david pingree die?
www.freebase.com/m/02t2vw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03pkbx	who was born in blackwater?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjs08	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of john baines johnston?
www.freebase.com/m/06hr_l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is tom paciorek known for
www.freebase.com/m/03vny7	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/01flwwm	what is the soundtrack to the movie waiting to exhale?
www.freebase.com/m/0_bfx6n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01hvzr	where in england was the birthplace of rachel mclean?
www.freebase.com/m/02c59t	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04xdqzs	What's a book written about southern africa
www.freebase.com/m/04f_j5c	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is the 2814 vieira
www.freebase.com/m/0wvbfl1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0wsw1p3	What album features the song fever
www.freebase.com/m/047lj	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_scope/organizations_with_this_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0d_20y	what is an organization found in kazakhstan
www.freebase.com/m/0l5ylnz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/034mcg7	after hours was a track from which album? 
www.freebase.com/m/078m0w	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/048hhs	which area does dinamalar circulate
www.freebase.com/m/03f692_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	What musical instrument does charly alberti play?
www.freebase.com/m/0nwyj	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/04nz3	what condition did  flannery oconnor have
www.freebase.com/m/01m2sm7	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbwqd	What is a song from the blues project
www.freebase.com/m/07hdnt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/018gz8	what is mary scheer's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2898l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02lphf	what artist is on fantasia?
www.freebase.com/m/0jdtt	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gkbq_v	which programmer was born in marseille?
www.freebase.com/m/0h90y	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/09ptb	what is santa's little helper's occupation
www.freebase.com/m/0hqstvx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03h2f_	what is the active ingredient in adapalene and benzoyl peroxide 1/25 gel
www.freebase.com/m/010fs9j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/019t3y	Who sang twilight?
www.freebase.com/m/08bjvvm	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/059f4	what state is bnai brith district grand lodge 1 in
www.freebase.com/m/04m_bct	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/01841n	What language is used in the program operacija trijumf
www.freebase.com/m/028kdt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what type of narrative is the things fall apart
www.freebase.com/m/02pt27	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0_j6f5p	steve hackett wrote this song
www.freebase.com/m/0d2qst	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0727_	where was martin eisengrein birthed
www.freebase.com/m/045kq7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g1f3h	Whats the name of an album by tomoyasu hotei
www.freebase.com/m/026qzkd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ck1d	what commune is within aquitaine?
www.freebase.com/m/0bnw4k	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02s7tr	what position did cal emery play 
www.freebase.com/m/01j6rdk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	which genre of music would war games fall into
www.freebase.com/m/02lpwl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hs4r	john hiatt  is what type of music performer 
www.freebase.com/m/0_qxb6_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	what city in italy was marco vacca born in
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05mtkf1	Name a football forward. 
www.freebase.com/m/025z88d	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/07n5z03	what episode did james frawley direct?
www.freebase.com/m/02gjdcy	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	What type of license is canton?
www.freebase.com/m/01n4stw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	What type of music is on the album diana & marvin
www.freebase.com/m/0gjf3bn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what kind of music did melanie is demented make?
www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/03r8qb	who is a character of the dc universe
www.freebase.com/m/0pl7z	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	what kind of video game is super mario land 2: 6 golden coins
www.freebase.com/m/026k82s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05l8y	What is the birth location of ahmed mubarak al mahaijri?
www.freebase.com/m/03b1j	www.freebase.com/base/saints/saint/venerated_in	www.freebase.com/m/01hd99	Where was gregory the illuminator venerated
www.freebase.com/m/064vyf	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01m2bt	What industry does fidelity ventures operate within
www.freebase.com/m/027tbnm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	what kind of film is honeydripper listed in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_4wzr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03271lc	which release includes the track hollywood
www.freebase.com/m/03c6n00	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where was peter cregeen born
www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/02x6lbp	Name a talk radio station
www.freebase.com/m/01x17hd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hh2s	psilodump typically creates what kind of electronic music?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwp4n9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fw505n	What track was featured on the release i believe in christ
www.freebase.com/m/03czq1	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/069zhz	what range does the river torrens flow through
www.freebase.com/m/01j1tb3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is a portrait of
www.freebase.com/m/0h_czby	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the bridal chair filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrs4z	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of the drug acetaminophen and phenylephrine hcl 325/5 capsule?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx144	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	mary ogrady was born in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/0sws8sd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of clint carmichael
www.freebase.com/m/02bg_3	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/05271q	What is a team color of canberra raiders?
www.freebase.com/m/04q8cz9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03m6v03	whats the artists name of the album a snowflake fell (and it felt like a kiss)
www.freebase.com/m/0yt62f0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0165gc	Which artist released the album lullaby: hits, rarities & gems
www.freebase.com/m/03l2n	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w273zv	which actor was born in houston
www.freebase.com/m/0byryb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre book is  the child in time
www.freebase.com/m/0537b	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/05_wws	who was the founder of motorola?
www.freebase.com/m/04cwcl5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what type of film is the broken cross?
www.freebase.com/m/0wpvgks	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of john hewitt
www.freebase.com/m/03fpfmj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fd_5kb	what is a track on the drones
www.freebase.com/m/01nb9t4	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/030t_wv	what is the primary release of energy?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0b6n4x2	who is a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/01cyg8r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0zl6gz_	what is a recording of triangle called
www.freebase.com/m/01lpr60	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nrqx2	What is the the champs known as?
www.freebase.com/m/02m4r3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqr663	where is benzocaine commonly found
www.freebase.com/m/07kf5dh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	WHat's a gameplay mode in bmx simulator
www.freebase.com/m/0ffq9q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	what state is waycross college in
www.freebase.com/m/03bk5bh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01064ht	Who released the track: so long to broadway?
www.freebase.com/m/01qlg1	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/06hx2	who is joseph p. kennedy, sr.'s son?
www.freebase.com/m/0jq1x	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	who was the production company of the film the big parade
www.freebase.com/m/0d1d6gt	www.freebase.com/base/adultentertainment/adult_media/sexual_fetishes_portrayed	www.freebase.com/m/04vfzn	what is a sexual fetish on inseminated by 2 black men 1
www.freebase.com/m/01jncgc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does soldat louis perform
www.freebase.com/m/0wc0zrl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	what city in california did edward cronenweth die 
www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03yms8	what universities are in europe?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwqw16	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0x223gp	what is the soundtrack to casino royale called
www.freebase.com/m/0c00rfk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what kind of prose is last of the american girls
www.freebase.com/m/0dryh9k	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language do the indian people speak 
www.freebase.com/m/0whs4wv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0hb8p	who released the album symphony no. 1 including \\"blumine\\"
www.freebase.com/m/0cq229h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02qfv9j	what music is music & musicals in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/01r0yqg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what type of music does jeanie bryson play
www.freebase.com/m/07kbj0z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is tre hargett's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/02cf_t	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0376x5	which video game did bullfrog productions develop
www.freebase.com/m/04p7zgp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03xpx0	Where in florida is riverland manors
www.freebase.com/m/0g3808x	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0myphr0	what tracks are on berlin-chicago express, volume 1?
www.freebase.com/m/03cp_12	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xr_d2	what is wgbh 
www.freebase.com/m/07dfbn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is al carmines's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0d9t0f	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yqn	What kind of game is saru! get you! million monkeys
www.freebase.com/m/09c17	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/026g7t5	who was born in bangalore?
www.freebase.com/m/03nsxnc	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Which country did the italian invasion of france take place in
www.freebase.com/m/0q8fcd3	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14fq	What is the release type of the album "Underdog"?
www.freebase.com/m/01n3cp5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is greatest golden hits?
www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0smk9fk	what is the name of an American post-hardcore band formed in 2010 in Dallas
www.freebase.com/m/03xhhd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0thqt	Where was rebecca gayheart born?
www.freebase.com/m/0mgk_3p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f5p65l	Which ep was black sheep a track on?
www.freebase.com/m/010hjpb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vtlwn	who recorded hard times
www.freebase.com/m/01hpqyx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	in what format is earthling presented
www.freebase.com/m/02brqp	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/01q5hj	which games did microsoft studios help publish?
www.freebase.com/m/01tw72z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	What was half-a-mil's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd3mmg	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is on the film amanda knox: murder on trial in italy?
www.freebase.com/m/076w920	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	what is gabriele perico known for
www.freebase.com/m/0464zvl	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what kind of school is shelton intermediate school?
www.freebase.com/m/0qjwc02	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/02vwckw	who was a featured artist on the album hangover
www.freebase.com/m/0vscr91	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what types of movie is one down, two to go
www.freebase.com/m/0gyt7t4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is spoken on decisiones extremas?
www.freebase.com/m/0wnkyn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m1q9m	Who recorded back in business?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkw325	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is a language featured on timid frieda (les timides)
www.freebase.com/m/03y33l8	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 5276 gulkis orbit 
www.freebase.com/m/02x61m9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what country gives nationality to ivan nepryaev
www.freebase.com/m/025wrfd	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country contains barrier lake
www.freebase.com/m/06by1q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is herlong located?
www.freebase.com/m/02qfld2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06rqw	what type of music is this gun for hire affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jgr0q	What is the name of a electronica album
www.freebase.com/m/0zg2gc2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/01pxgq	Which topic is paper themes written under?
www.freebase.com/m/03nnc97	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06qm3	what is the genre of bees in paradise
www.freebase.com/m/0c3qxz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of kathie sullivan?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsgypn	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was numb released 
www.freebase.com/m/0cgmt2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzjf	what was contained in villa barbaro
www.freebase.com/m/03fstl4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l_rnk9	which album is sex & exes from
www.freebase.com/m/096p08	www.freebase.com/user/szaijan/fantasy_football/player/position	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	What position does donté stallworth play?
www.freebase.com/m/01wnly3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/016lzt2	What's a track written by bonnie pink
www.freebase.com/m/02fjhv	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/05pgby	what was involved in the red clouds war?
www.freebase.com/m/0133ch	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jcg8	where is chesterfield
www.freebase.com/m/0mztl	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/01d3n8	which medicine subcategory is streptococcal pharyngitis in 
www.freebase.com/m/031ggsr	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the heart of christmas released 
www.freebase.com/m/08zl4fk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/026sdt1	What did vikram phadnis do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/08gpcj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	earle c. clements is what nationality
www.freebase.com/m/014jrkq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030y2qc	what album features the track murder
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/027mg4m	what is a drama film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0kryqm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0j7td8x	which episode did stephen moyer direct
www.freebase.com/m/032z62_	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01wsl4f	who was the producer of the release  the war report
www.freebase.com/m/0f4mlv7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the essential roy orbison's album content type 
www.freebase.com/m/0rhnzrp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is xoxosms?
www.freebase.com/m/0lzrvv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01bxpr	Who produced saint judas?
www.freebase.com/m/0h44w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/06qnfkf	What works have been done on the british mandate of palestine
www.freebase.com/m/05zmcz7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0224z4	What is a sector of pta bank?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzsqps	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was simply beautiful
www.freebase.com/m/0ctk28	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0ctkj2	who is beatrice warde's mother
www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01wj5y9	Who is a record producer?
www.freebase.com/m/013517	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ffxfg	Who was a person that was born in osijek
www.freebase.com/m/0267n9s	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Who developed murder on the zinderneuf?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_art/well_known_practitioner	www.freebase.com/m/03w5j7	who is a well known practitioner of boxing
www.freebase.com/m/0g1lnlw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which region was you cross my path released in
www.freebase.com/m/0cm61dv	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ndd7yc	Which film did ewa jastrzebska produce?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfhn72	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03d5stb	Who directed the movie the king & the commissioner?
www.freebase.com/m/0q9kgxs	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	what is the format of the release urban soundscapes?
www.freebase.com/m/0_k3yxp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01lyt7d	who was the lyricst for the song haunted
www.freebase.com/m/04w55h6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/017r2	Who was the author from the book the jewish wife and other short plays
www.freebase.com/m/0n216	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the second level of division of meigs county?
www.freebase.com/m/0_kh3xn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05vk77	Who is a lyricist for the song cocoon
www.freebase.com/m/02dl34	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/physiologic_effect	www.freebase.com/m/0hqy5wn	what does dextroamphetamine cause
www.freebase.com/m/04t2t	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02fqgf	what is the name of the netflix martial arts film?
www.freebase.com/m/045zx6v	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04xrx	Who's a singer featured on radioio rnb mix
www.freebase.com/m/021xfx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is wetten, dass..? from?
www.freebase.com/m/01n9vwg	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0cq0yz	what song did carl wilson compose?
www.freebase.com/m/05ys1dk	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01ty8l	where is 1996 karlovy vary international film festival located 
www.freebase.com/m/07605	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hmp83	what game can be played on the dreamcast  platform
www.freebase.com/m/0bb9t63	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of film is the turn of the screw
www.freebase.com/m/0lkmjl3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037vr12	which release includes the track night
www.freebase.com/m/0519c	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_arts_students	www.freebase.com/m/04vlv0	what martial art does morihei ueshiba practice
www.freebase.com/m/080m46j	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does jaime asensio de la fuente play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0c1rql_	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07tjwp	what film was produced by mark radcliffe?
www.freebase.com/m/0617fz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What type of film is a king in new york
www.freebase.com/m/0b73sv6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0149k5	which artist created the album music is the healing force of the universe
www.freebase.com/m/04_zbx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is michael storm male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0f41n8h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vw8mh	who originally performed the song get u down
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03f_0yf	Which album was also a release album?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4rld1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m2xfxg	what is track of the 1987 album
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m698	What's an example of an action film
www.freebase.com/m/0s8hh2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lg_y7	Who recorded remember me
www.freebase.com/m/0465v_2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0165v	where is marcelo carballo from
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0p7_vqj	Name a screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/05y2h_c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	why did kermit champa die
www.freebase.com/m/0zls11f	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language in amnesty is granted sung
www.freebase.com/m/01hsy8k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	which genre is the album fopp
www.freebase.com/m/0fwsjy	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yr3	what type of videogame is mtv's celebrity deathmatch
www.freebase.com/m/0mb0jbk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dshljy	Who released the track phoenix?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6hxhg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	what type of program is captain barbell
www.freebase.com/m/07s4dvm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	What type of genre is aqui há talento?
www.freebase.com/m/0376tl_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	in what western european region was von der skyline zum bordstein zurück released
www.freebase.com/m/035kf9d	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is the release stakes is high
www.freebase.com/m/0g727zb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mz_lm3	What is a song from the release now that's what i call xmas?
www.freebase.com/m/0407w66	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	what disease caused paulo goulart's death
www.freebase.com/m/06ct1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ptbw_	what is a song by run-d.m.c.
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bwgf00	what is a 1994 album
www.freebase.com/m/02lb_f	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/07hm5b	which structure was designed by charles bulfinch in 1882?
www.freebase.com/m/0b74bpj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is introducing nat adderley
www.freebase.com/m/04lh6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05zmx_k	Name someone famous who was born in liverpool
www.freebase.com/m/08m38y	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/09gkl74	What film has music by shankar mahadevan?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbnfb7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What format of music is grasselette et maigrelette
www.freebase.com/m/02wr2r	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0crs069	what film did wanda sykes write 
www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01n3tcr	What's a speed metal album
www.freebase.com/m/017ft0	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06k4z_z	Name a book written by rosa luxemburg
www.freebase.com/m/0gjy61	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is used in zenevredo
www.freebase.com/m/0kprc8	www.freebase.com/film/content_rating/film	www.freebase.com/m/0p79rn3	what film is rated pg
www.freebase.com/m/0f47vxv	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the buck owens story, volume 1: 1956-1964
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04ckhbf	Name a music album from lara croft
www.freebase.com/m/057dqw_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	is blood promise fiction or non-fiction
www.freebase.com/m/03pzf	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/07vb73	Name a film that features hamilton, ontario
www.freebase.com/m/02yx1n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is cold case in
www.freebase.com/m/0yzpvmz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1_	what is kenth andersson known for
www.freebase.com/m/02hlmbx	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0d76r	for what platform was zoo keeper developed
www.freebase.com/m/0r3418	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02wd48	What musician recorded the track it takes diffrent strokes
www.freebase.com/m/03gz0zm	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where is beardy waters located 
www.freebase.com/m/04kqp3v	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/017t3p	what is a friendly dog breed
www.freebase.com/m/03bfh9l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lw4ylr	which track contains it's good, eve
www.freebase.com/m/04j2jqf	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	What netflix genre is the film a time to revenge 
www.freebase.com/m/0zbdpl9	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/performed_at	www.freebase.com/m/0fbg1p	where was frost/nixon performed at
www.freebase.com/m/0hz7h0w	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/059bst	who was the direct on elton john: the red piano
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6jhj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	Which genre of film is gig – road to the stars
www.freebase.com/m/01gtkw9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03tw7z	What musical group wrote angel coma
www.freebase.com/m/04k_v6	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/content	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	what does wpxi broadcast
www.freebase.com/m/02x6vv8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/090n9c	which artist released the album troublemaker?
www.freebase.com/m/0l8gh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dlj_kg	which composer produces chamber music?
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01rcfs	what musician died as the result of a car accident
www.freebase.com/m/04tqfj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What type of rock does michaelaaroneinziger play
www.freebase.com/m/02rlyd8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what profession was maria franck
www.freebase.com/m/02pjxr	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ndv39h	Name a professional production designer
www.freebase.com/m/0dc8n9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rj4g	what city and state was patti rizzo born in
www.freebase.com/m/02p5p9	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/02_5_z	what is a gunfighter also known as
www.freebase.com/m/02hl4v1	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0d76r	What platform is mercs?
www.freebase.com/m/04jnfd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	which video game company published sid meiers alien crossfire
www.freebase.com/m/0g768	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/04d40l2	what was a release done by atlantic records
www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0n5z_80	what person died from cancer?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6zfhc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hzm0j	which musician recorded jesus
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03d3vn4	which electronica albums were produced by altera enigma?
www.freebase.com/m/033s6	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gby2t	where play fleetwood mac's music
www.freebase.com/m/0zxp4nl	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvyfh	who composed to be forgiven
www.freebase.com/m/05c2wfp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of Steve Springer?
www.freebase.com/m/08gs5m	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0745rg3	where is the eastern alps located?
www.freebase.com/m/03nv_k5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does emerson pereira play
www.freebase.com/m/043mtv	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04_k0ts	Name a work by anita desai.
www.freebase.com/m/016zs2	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/08r9nz	What's a broadcast station that is owned by pacifica radio
www.freebase.com/m/04wh1_7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/059_w	what is the subject of the written work  old indian legends
www.freebase.com/m/0g7nc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07wpgf	who is a pornographic actor
www.freebase.com/m/07f77q8	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/mentions	www.freebase.com/m/02qfhb	who was mentioned in the review of funny people at www.boston.com
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lytxf	what is a compilation album title
www.freebase.com/m/020m7t	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whhf0	what book is on the subject of the ball game
www.freebase.com/m/0zlxj1z	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01d47y	who is the composer of another horsedreamer’s blues
www.freebase.com/m/02rdvdj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	where was nikolay alexeyev born
www.freebase.com/m/0df4y	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what is the administrative parent of tianjin
www.freebase.com/m/047cx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j9kh5	what's one of the names of king crimson's album
www.freebase.com/m/09fxbr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	is supervolcano an action film or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0hn8b34	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	what music label best describes kara best clips
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv9p5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	what is the administrative route of the drug  oxiconazole nitrate 10 cream
www.freebase.com/m/02w495q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of musical release is resolution
www.freebase.com/m/04tsmpl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06bh1w	Who published the novel off keck road?
www.freebase.com/m/09pmq5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is joseph beattie's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh7ptf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01tz3c	what tv genre is the program  claudine
www.freebase.com/m/01tl45	www.freebase.com/base/survivor/survivor_location/survivor_us_season	www.freebase.com/m/01gv_w	Which survivor season took place in rio negro (amazon)?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbl_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Which gender is jada rowland?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0vg2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of space object is 12649 ascanios
www.freebase.com/m/0gx8sls	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	Which language was bearded man originally in
www.freebase.com/m/06crbb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	where did jens juel (painter) pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0kv5bw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what genre is the film parampara
www.freebase.com/m/0bx_sxt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was you cant hurry love filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03vrbz	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	What os the organism classification of lhasa apso?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmhgrg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what type of music does hong-chan perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0b9c0	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsfb7	What drugs are in the form of gel?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv0j	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/misc/murdered_person/place_murdered	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	where was Željko ražnatović murdered?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs37qj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the film american legacy originally from
www.freebase.com/m/027w7rg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What asteroid group is 6457 kremsmünster part of
www.freebase.com/m/02pj92t	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	in what country was salvador allende shoot
www.freebase.com/m/01sc01	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What is george washington donaghey's profession
www.freebase.com/m/03m4qzz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	how did george black die
www.freebase.com/m/0_rkp6r	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0_rk340	What release featured the album prophet
www.freebase.com/m/03g4r4j	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fnck_	what is a song on the album fantasia
www.freebase.com/m/0505hc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	what state is avalon park in
www.freebase.com/m/0yb0y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fplg	What county is trumansburg, new york  in
www.freebase.com/m/0561rz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is carlos pesquera
www.freebase.com/m/0f6dq2x	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what album content type is the album punk can take it
www.freebase.com/m/04vc7sj	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0870p	who was the author editor of the book lord of the flies (macmillan literature series)?
www.freebase.com/m/035ycv0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0l690lj	what is a song featured on festivalbar 2005: compilation rossa
www.freebase.com/m/0pl44xx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0zlgm	what is june carr's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/02qlppc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	what kind of game is vision racing driving simulator?
www.freebase.com/m/0l00ql	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What genre of music did patrick michael larsson create
www.freebase.com/m/0bjdjl	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_producer/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0kdtctr	what is a play produced by nelle nugent
www.freebase.com/m/027rd5q	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/07mc4	What is the religion of thubten chodron?
www.freebase.com/m/016h8gm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05p36x1	Who recorded catch me if you can?
www.freebase.com/m/07ht5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	The the stranglers could be best called
www.freebase.com/m/0gbz9j7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	whats the nationality of  song ok-sook
www.freebase.com/m/054l6tw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is gaily, gaily from 
www.freebase.com/m/03f5nlk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what genre is the invisible?
www.freebase.com/m/02qbcg	www.freebase.com/computer/software/software_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w7h	what is the software genre of glasgow haskell compiler
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l19y1	what are compilation albums?
www.freebase.com/m/04t07lf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01mjjvk	Who is the author that wrote life these days
www.freebase.com/m/049qx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kvphn	which album is created by kylie minogue
www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03134g	Name an outfielder from the 1930s.
www.freebase.com/m/0kt9ym	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0j8hd	What was jane elizabeth faulding's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0b7426	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/04n6llt	who was wind chill written by
www.freebase.com/m/0ly7b4q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fll7rj	which record is part of o sole mio
www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pkgxm	what is a post-hardcore album
www.freebase.com/m/06ssyb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city did robert moore die
www.freebase.com/m/0f2w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0crjx_l	which television actor was born in san antonio?
www.freebase.com/m/0fdlpdv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01cblr	which artist composed by the time we got to woodstock
www.freebase.com/m/02rqdfs	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	what's one of the genres that netflix puts kokey in
www.freebase.com/m/0d750h	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who is robert wilson
www.freebase.com/m/034lk7	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	what time zone is  staunton, virginia situated in
www.freebase.com/m/03crkh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0c_m3	in what city in TN was holiday inn founded
www.freebase.com/m/0lwwctk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03ffdfl	what was star released on
www.freebase.com/m/019xmwy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/07c7jv	Which song is on the recording dirrty
www.freebase.com/m/0bfdwh_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is b-happy
www.freebase.com/m/0z9c	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01sk0h9	What artist is known for making a cappella music?
www.freebase.com/m/03y1bsx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	The asteroid 9812 danco can be found where?
www.freebase.com/m/01t44l	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the main subject of the book titled twenty years after
www.freebase.com/m/04f1fd0	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what type of music is you & me?
www.freebase.com/m/0254pk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what types of art did marc-charles-gabriel gleyre practice 
www.freebase.com/m/0h2l4j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of frederick colberg 
www.freebase.com/m/0h1bwkt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0w10k	Where was daniëlle harmsen born
www.freebase.com/m/07nr68	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music is onesidezero
www.freebase.com/m/0gl4fz	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/06l9d_	Which film did h. scott salinas contribute music to?
www.freebase.com/m/0z9yxwg	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02qd8yl	what kind of business is travelscape media cc?
www.freebase.com/m/026sbkk	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/country	www.freebase.com/m/012wgb	where is vaguely noble from
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01sp7_r	Name a electronic music album
www.freebase.com/m/03_mbjs	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m5tk3x	what track list is in the release where'd you learn to kiss that way?
www.freebase.com/m/0755wz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is tom hollander from
www.freebase.com/m/0l_zq	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0480bkn	What is the name of a location in the wade hampton census area
www.freebase.com/m/07dm2p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nty_	where is the area illinois state capitol located
www.freebase.com/m/03__y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02p2_8n	what hill is located in jordan
www.freebase.com/m/04gjj	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/08fpbz	Which film did leni riefenstahl directed?
www.freebase.com/m/03wrqt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of film is deadly blessing
www.freebase.com/m/015hxm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0jt86	who is the author of the postman
www.freebase.com/m/0kvdy_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What genre of film is boiling point?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmszp	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/0_jm	the australian accounting standards board is what kind of arganization?
www.freebase.com/m/09gbnf6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was the album sun: wings?
www.freebase.com/m/0pby3sd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is riley novak
www.freebase.com/m/05l97n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_z90	where is ismael miranda originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0crrzqq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	what type of film is fashion victims?
www.freebase.com/m/0gj5dd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	Where does cassinetta di lugagnano lie?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_cm2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What kind of film is lovely troubles
www.freebase.com/m/03j9vs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	where in russia was nikita ivanovich panin's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/subgenre	www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	which genre does instrumental rock affiliate with
www.freebase.com/m/034z53	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_designer/games_designed	www.freebase.com/m/03b9kx	what is a game designed by satoru iwata
www.freebase.com/m/02qdgx	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03grylw	what album contains blue-eyed soul
www.freebase.com/m/04zfl8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rd90	In which city did catherine uhlmyer die in
www.freebase.com/m/04w59v4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of book is ballads
www.freebase.com/m/04wcd4q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	What genre is the book twin telepathy
www.freebase.com/m/03hlm1r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of film is double dealing?
www.freebase.com/m/05lls	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f1ksx	what artist sings opera music
www.freebase.com/m/0b6lk8r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what's marc bendavid's gender
www.freebase.com/m/027brvn	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position did tommy taylor play?
www.freebase.com/m/01rzb0z	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02fsn	what instrument does  alphonso johnson play
www.freebase.com/m/01p19r	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/025zq65	What is a tourist attraction in agadir
www.freebase.com/m/0cnjm0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what's one of the modes in guitar hero ii
www.freebase.com/m/0ch40mr	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 25673 di mascio orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/0bmhrzz	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/073kz4	where is mount tod based in
www.freebase.com/m/06qmn_	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/governing_body	www.freebase.com/m/015dvh	what organization is in charge of pecos national historical park?
www.freebase.com/m/02q06bf	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01d4cb	who is the artist for into the purple valley
www.freebase.com/m/04_297	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lb5	what is the subject of the film dangerous moves?
www.freebase.com/m/018lfp	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/06c10	who is moana directed by
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hlc8p	what harry potter game did electronic arts release
www.freebase.com/m/03_jfn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	What was alexey kaledin's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/01d7g0	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/02qvh2f	what is the name of an artwork created by  francis bacon
www.freebase.com/m/0fr10y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what is the nationality of anatoly vlasov
www.freebase.com/m/0fwym4k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q2fwr	what is song is from power ballads
www.freebase.com/m/0drhh4	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/02wjvr	Who produced kamen rider: the first
www.freebase.com/m/03cvxb5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lnfy	where was henry makinwa born
www.freebase.com/m/03bxmcz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of fiction classifies the protector's war
www.freebase.com/m/0crrvyp	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what is the language of naqab
www.freebase.com/m/01vx7sf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nw68h	What is a well known song by ovuca
www.freebase.com/m/033dxt_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released catch me i'm falling
www.freebase.com/m/01jf9c3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m0pv	who is the artist of the album scream if you wanna go faster
www.freebase.com/m/06fdwk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04kqk	who was the publisher that released star wars: episode i: battle for naboo 
www.freebase.com/m/0fqpdq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03h_fk5	which artist is the album classic christmas from?
www.freebase.com/m/0lr_qrb	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/018tlhl	what is a recording of adidas called
www.freebase.com/m/039pbl	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	what city was christian august friedrich peters born in
www.freebase.com/m/02p72z5	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is from digging the grave
www.freebase.com/m/04vbr93	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/07q_p	who authored and edited tanequil (high druid of shannara, book 2)
www.freebase.com/m/03w68q	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0c5_3	which city is the warwick arts centre in 
www.freebase.com/m/0hzr2gb	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	What american football position does kevin cone play
www.freebase.com/m/0hg5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	what continent is andorra in?
www.freebase.com/m/05gg4	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/0jm_	Which sport do the new york giants play
www.freebase.com/m/01rq45b	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of content does the pit & the pendulum contain
www.freebase.com/m/0jm_	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0gjf2b1	what is the title of an american football team
www.freebase.com/m/07cfvdz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07l43v8	What's the title of one episode from the show body of evidence (2002)?
www.freebase.com/m/09k6jm2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/059rby	Where was mike bellamy born?
www.freebase.com/m/0zh8868	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form of music is money can't buy it
www.freebase.com/m/0rnzc92	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What genre of film is blindsided
www.freebase.com/m/0djbc	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/08760p	Name a person who died by the guillotine.
www.freebase.com/m/04892b4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is baltimore park in
www.freebase.com/m/0z5y43n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	Where did artur landsberger die?
www.freebase.com/m/0rdg1xm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of samarth narain?
www.freebase.com/m/0crsnq3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which type of genre is little erin merryweather in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4dm1g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/musical_key	www.freebase.com/m/069wsm	what music key is minuet in a major in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbv02r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where was the amateur adventure released?
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03d7yrx	who was born in chicago
www.freebase.com/m/04mymn0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0295r	what language does sikke'n familie belong to 
www.freebase.com/m/032bvvf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lkmz0	what is a song included in future sounds of jazz, volume 7
www.freebase.com/m/0qf3p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02x7d5c	what album is by bryan ferry?
www.freebase.com/m/06610s3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09b83	Where did dominique villars die
www.freebase.com/m/06qpv9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country did the film shout at the devil originate from
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wj37b	what's a book that covers california
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr0jm	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is the color of the buspar 15 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/052nmrq	what's the title of a war film
www.freebase.com/m/01dnsz	www.freebase.com/book/magazine/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qr3	what is the genre of weird tales magazine
www.freebase.com/m/04w2_rn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06cvx	The book ambivalent conquests is on what subject?
www.freebase.com/m/03f7p5b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hptm	where did nick massi die?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddyy5	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05z96	what is Øyvind rimbereid profession
www.freebase.com/m/01khr_j	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f4m2n	what artist made the album  paris
www.freebase.com/m/0zkskxy	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/074cjz	who wrote the song moonwalking
www.freebase.com/m/0413dd1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/016gb5	Where was peter reichensperger birthed
www.freebase.com/m/0cw_n0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of novel is changeling?
www.freebase.com/m/03q6d2	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0dyd4_	what works were written by william l. shirer
www.freebase.com/m/02rqj9k	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release did coast to coast fever have?
www.freebase.com/m/03cjr5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	Where was jorge benitez birthed
www.freebase.com/m/04f5t6	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05bqvr	Who is hodierna of jerusalem's mother
www.freebase.com/m/07jhh1	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0d8d2v	what is a work by mike elizondo
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/02y1z6	what program is a documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/0y_kdx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07y8z7	Which artist recorded thunder road?
www.freebase.com/m/04q8yvc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what film genre is postman?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn0f9v	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0294fd	who is the child of lindsay otto?
www.freebase.com/m/0_g1bwg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of movie is running for jim?
www.freebase.com/m/019m60	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/0l3q2	Where does cruzeiro esporte clube play
www.freebase.com/m/03nw1bp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of film is the isle of sunken gold
www.freebase.com/m/04c636	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0gmcpj7	what are the names of mithun chakrabortys children
www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cgsv3k	What is the name of a period piece
www.freebase.com/m/03_wm6	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/02slt7	Name the production company for the film brotherhood of the wolf
www.freebase.com/m/03tqn3	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bxk36	what is a work by wolfgang rihm
www.freebase.com/m/0r3s4c6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What kind of music was featured by the album the devil put dinosaurs here
www.freebase.com/m/0k0dq53	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is once upon a time in bolivia in?
www.freebase.com/m/04ghbss	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/048fz	Which counrty was involved in the battle of ugeumchi
www.freebase.com/m/0g3rbcz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was welcome to the party released 
www.freebase.com/m/03q67bj	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017b13	who made the piece bechhofen
www.freebase.com/m/01w5fzb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04lh6	where is the cryin shames from
www.freebase.com/m/017tcg	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0800c3	which military conflict was cincinnatus involved in?
www.freebase.com/m/02q_cc	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/030_1_	What organization was founded by kathleen kennedy (film producer)
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01xwxz	who was a person who died by myocardial infarction
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsd8n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03ztdf	imipramine hydrochloride is an active ingredient of what drug?
www.freebase.com/m/04w91b1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	What is the subject matter of children of the earth?
www.freebase.com/m/02r8fcx	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0nk4b	Who manufactures panasonic lumix dmc-fz8?
www.freebase.com/m/0241wg	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language does kajol speak 
www.freebase.com/m/06ns6l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	The gender of falaba issa traoré.
www.freebase.com/m/0fk98	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04f1txl	Which person was born in thiruvananthapuram?
www.freebase.com/m/0f67f	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0995x	Name an American novelist born in kalamazoo
www.freebase.com/m/01p6z0b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fyf4_3	what songs are by roy hamilton?
www.freebase.com/m/02vvdc2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where was greg pritikin born?
www.freebase.com/m/0wh8fxw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0wldh8j	what is a song featured in the never more than now: the abc collection album
www.freebase.com/m/01lwx3d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02t8gf	What genre is city
www.freebase.com/m/03wj7mk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of computer game is ninja commando
www.freebase.com/m/0g9vb85	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/02rxv_g	What type of architecture was used to build st andrew's church, steeple gidding
www.freebase.com/m/01hg4gn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07c0j	who is the artist for the album the complete ed sullivan shows
www.freebase.com/m/0hmtlyd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01gjw	What kind of music is the album te amo corazón?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0b2lzs	What's a movie that is filmed about world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0n5_vmg	whose existence began in chicago
www.freebase.com/m/03y162b	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What group is the asteroid 4630 chaonis a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6kpxh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is on the composition titled the show must go on
www.freebase.com/m/03qccxj	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/026zlyd	whats barack obama sr.'s ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/027m8pl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of hands of time
www.freebase.com/m/03cnl__	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ns7jg	which artist released peter cincotti?
www.freebase.com/m/094k4m	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/09mfvx	which company produced looking for comedy in the muslim world
www.freebase.com/m/01sl83	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03q691g	What is a piece of art by wayne thiebaud?
www.freebase.com/m/07sb9lp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What type of film is the devious path
www.freebase.com/m/01k8jqn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	bette is what type of music
www.freebase.com/m/05b_c0c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is mick obrien?
www.freebase.com/m/0q_qc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/020hvg	who was born in cobb?
www.freebase.com/m/0dpqtzz	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0rj77k	What's the single version of i dream of jeannie named
www.freebase.com/m/0c1npvg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is lydia blanco's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxp4v8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	stahist ad is what?
www.freebase.com/m/04q2l9v	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What is a gameplay mode available in mission asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/025tkr6	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/biofluid_location	www.freebase.com/m/07s8fsr	What is chromium found in?
www.freebase.com/m/09ql_n	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/technique	www.freebase.com/m/04lvf	which technique does robbie kerr use to pitch
www.freebase.com/m/0hqryfq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of the botrytis cinerea 20000 injectable solution?
www.freebase.com/m/06w_cd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of Quinton Jackson?
www.freebase.com/m/0hpvw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	What genre of music does per gessle create
www.freebase.com/m/06w5q_t	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/bats	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	Is the baseball player Doug Fister right or left-handed?
www.freebase.com/m/04mz5lz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/018w8	what type of sport is featured in nba 09: the inside 
www.freebase.com/m/026cnqg	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	what did charles burnett participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/050l8	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/capital	www.freebase.com/m/0fvxg	What's the capital of montana
www.freebase.com/m/043qj9w	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_official/sport	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	What sport does len oliver serve as a referee for
www.freebase.com/m/01p_z8w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/011zkn6	what is the title of a track by barry brown
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0zfkx	Name a city and state in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/01vq3	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/026nx8l	What is a film about christmas
www.freebase.com/m/0frp5mf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	What kind of music does the downtown fiction write
www.freebase.com/m/018493	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07t21	whats the nationality of elisabeth bergner
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/08nvlr	Name a famous screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/0xdr04h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m8944	Who sings martha graham?
www.freebase.com/m/02pqsj4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what is about quest for the well of souls
www.freebase.com/m/01j0lzx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the essential journey released
www.freebase.com/m/02qzgs8	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/07hyk	who is theodore roosevelt high school named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0fy26hw	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fqtfmn	What's a version of the bangkok single
www.freebase.com/m/030z7wg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mcs0s	What track was released from blues (disc 1)?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04dtft	Who is an artist that specializes in painting
www.freebase.com/m/05f82fv	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position is stefan lorenz charged of 
www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0h96_tg	What's a strategy video game for the PSP
www.freebase.com/m/076qmq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What style of music is the album rokk í reykjavík?
www.freebase.com/m/05b2yz_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is labor of love
www.freebase.com/m/064f68	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	where is anadolu university located?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlklwp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of music does mirk play 
www.freebase.com/m/0crrzqf	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/01d4sm	who wrote the story for heritage of the desert
www.freebase.com/m/03y83hk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	Who discovered 9165 raup?
www.freebase.com/m/01n073	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/02rstqz	what game was published by electronic arts
www.freebase.com/m/018qd6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cfgny	who is a model born in saitama prefecture
www.freebase.com/m/0fwyp66	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is qué hiciste
www.freebase.com/m/0d0nxr	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/04g2464	the 1992 world artistic gymnastics championships is part of what recurring competition
www.freebase.com/m/0drgqg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is stu martin know for being
www.freebase.com/m/09247t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2r6	what city did karl g. maeser die
www.freebase.com/m/0mlpc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09x59p	Whats the name of a river located in hardy county, west virginia
www.freebase.com/m/02vxdkq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what genre is blood hook 
www.freebase.com/m/08wbp4	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m81	what kind of movie is strapless
www.freebase.com/m/0vh3	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/03ccty7	Which mountain is partially contained in australian capital territory?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0_ys010	Name a screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/0dcfrs	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/06bnxd	whats the name of a character from  fear itself
www.freebase.com/m/0907cq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is guy malary
www.freebase.com/m/0v99t3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0122fn	Who recorded days of thunder?
www.freebase.com/m/01vswwx	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/08fg38	What lyrics did Bono write?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0hgn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02h7lkt	what type of character is  lt. crashdown
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/02x4v97	what is a multiplayer game?
www.freebase.com/m/03wmbz	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What ethnicity is orlando jordan
www.freebase.com/m/0np1n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	what state is sumner county in
www.freebase.com/m/0f_1pj4	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/01clyr	what is the record label of the winter songs album
www.freebase.com/m/01jlpl	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xsgkt	What is the name of a book published by bantam spectra
www.freebase.com/m/0j7lg5_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cszh	Which label is the artist keith hale on
www.freebase.com/m/0f_ly73	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j71	where was wheel of fortune ep released 
www.freebase.com/m/040sb9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtfz1	which formulation is in clobetasol propionate
www.freebase.com/m/04gqyhy	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0125bm	Who influenced thomas cooley?
www.freebase.com/m/02743h9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fvyg	where did grady cooper's life begin
www.freebase.com/m/04v1tnz	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	in what city was the druid of shannara published
www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	www.freebase.com/royalty/kingdom/rulers	www.freebase.com/m/0b242	Name a ruler in the Denmark kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/04dz01j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is charles r. moore a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/031f8fb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ks4ch6	which track contains death of a player
www.freebase.com/m/0c5drs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of show is karate kommandos
www.freebase.com/m/0612dq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02m77	where was sir james fergusson, 6th baronet born?
www.freebase.com/m/064ktst	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is roger robinson from
www.freebase.com/m/02hwrqp	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	which continent do people speak kepo' language
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0jw3bby	Name a midfielder.
www.freebase.com/m/0sxbfqq	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	how does clement fowler make a living
www.freebase.com/m/06zs3p2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	What genre of film is friends?
www.freebase.com/m/0gqm3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05h2hc8	Name someone who was born in kanagawa prefecture
www.freebase.com/m/09v5hcp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What genre does Daniel 2Dark Richards produce?
www.freebase.com/m/05q5xxb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is torpedo bay filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02cm_l1	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what type of license does  the mechanism of the reflex arc hold
www.freebase.com/m/0_9s_	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mwds	which county and state is coaldale located in
www.freebase.com/m/05ykcc8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01bz75	where did philip beck die
www.freebase.com/m/0g9w08x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0bsz93	what music label is romain virgo with?
www.freebase.com/m/0tlj0k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03_zgk	who is the artist of the recording one fine day
www.freebase.com/m/047lypf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was the three musketeers filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/03ccgfd	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does leonardo pekarnik play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0l50d90	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	Who is frank r. growcott?
www.freebase.com/m/0852z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/08k_3j	What is a title of a movie under the werewolf netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/06br8	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_sport/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0nbjq	When did rugby union stop being an olympic sport?
www.freebase.com/m/0gvbntz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	in what language was the im rhein, im schönen strome composition done
www.freebase.com/m/0208pb	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/first_appearance	www.freebase.com/m/02wlp16	where did dick grayson make his first appearance?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmg0r	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is fentanyl 100 patch available?
www.freebase.com/m/0jb19	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0d9ydl	Who is somebody that died from decapitation
www.freebase.com/m/0ftys8j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0g3vs2s	What was venus released on?
www.freebase.com/m/0ml25	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06_3n0s	dane county contains what historic place
www.freebase.com/m/0wympzy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what did john hare do?
www.freebase.com/m/03vrjx	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/03q7fm	Which station plays oldies?
www.freebase.com/m/0kbbrbd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/047d4bz	What series includes the episode spring wipeout: dirty laundry?
www.freebase.com/m/050n1m	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0f2v0	what is the nearest travel destination from villa vizcaya
www.freebase.com/m/01b3sy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0694j	where is nunavik located in
www.freebase.com/m/0j9fqyk	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01prdc	What is the legal structure of tellus leads?
www.freebase.com/m/03cj3_l	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0457mr	Where did battle of bila tserkva take place
www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0h6xr	what's the name of a famous skyscraper in france
www.freebase.com/m/01ldxtl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tw31	who released the album big guns the very best of
www.freebase.com/m/02t3ww	www.freebase.com/sports/boxing_weight_division/boxers_rated_at_this_weight	www.freebase.com/m/02qw1tr	who is a famous heavyweight fighter
www.freebase.com/m/014cw2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/06c600	what albums are by billy bragg?
www.freebase.com/m/05vxy9n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_qc_	What kind of cancer killed charles bernheimer
www.freebase.com/m/03ndp4	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is isabell masters's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02pltyb	what is a black-and-white film?
www.freebase.com/m/0127mr	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03h8s_	what military personnel was involved in the battle of shiloh
www.freebase.com/m/047cqcr	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	What is the architectural style of hancock school?
www.freebase.com/m/01ctxf	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in philippa gregory
www.freebase.com/m/04wdlrq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what kind of biography is the book six wives cd
www.freebase.com/m/05glbt	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0dbb3	Who did the music from the film panic in the streets
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cklrp	what is a village found in the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/0fw40sc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is breaking bad
www.freebase.com/m/031kxd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hcj	what is richard prince known as
www.freebase.com/m/02z729s	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/07mp7sq	who is one of the characters from breaking dawn
www.freebase.com/m/0n9j617	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_partnership/members	www.freebase.com/m/0dz_g	who is a member of the international desktop grid federation
www.freebase.com/m/0j1t37v	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	what position has howard barbieri ever played
www.freebase.com/m/072twv	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/03m9vgj	what film art did cedric gibbons direct
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0b34s	name an event that took place in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0dppj3	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/096hm	mister cory  was directed by what director
www.freebase.com/m/02yw1c	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01s5r2_	Name an artist from the melodic death metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/02nbtbq	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/series	www.freebase.com/m/0828jw	Which TV series is lost - season 1 a series in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxtyr	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is clallam language found
www.freebase.com/m/0crvkqs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0121sr	which language is primarily used in toh lagi sharat
www.freebase.com/m/0n139mp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0gdw589	the song tomorrow was apart of what spanish album
www.freebase.com/m/09qdcq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What soccer position does jamie o'hara play
www.freebase.com/m/08fycp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What type of videogame is children of mana released as?
www.freebase.com/m/02s5m3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is nia vardalos from
www.freebase.com/m/051vglx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05b0f7	which major label did onew sign to in japan
www.freebase.com/m/0wtpxks	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0wtd7lp	What is a recording found on the release track prison break?
www.freebase.com/m/076v6_w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What sort of movie is the dark hour
www.freebase.com/m/06cn1p	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/05wj0k	which developer designed asterix and the great rescue
www.freebase.com/m/02p3f1p	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	where were polish–swedish wars fought in
www.freebase.com/m/03g34g1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p9n23	Which artist recorded the album misa criolla
www.freebase.com/m/0jt1_	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06_y_l	who was the influencer of james abbott mcneill whistler
www.freebase.com/m/0crv9y3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in kracker jackd
www.freebase.com/m/0x6l9jk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v1kk_	what artist released the recording electron
www.freebase.com/m/01j5vkp	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/022n_r	which artist released freak show (album)
www.freebase.com/m/0dv4773	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03m6y56	who is the artist that recorded communism?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg55rc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/07llgp	what music label has sarah corina signed with?
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05_905d	What's a book written about photography
www.freebase.com/m/094p4s	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	what type of institution is roxana high school
www.freebase.com/m/0f9t5v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the book edenborn in
www.freebase.com/m/0rhcxdl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is of the essence from
www.freebase.com/m/02x7vb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	What is the genre of the game tribes 2
www.freebase.com/m/0g0v_7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	which mode of gameplay is featured on top gear hyper bike
www.freebase.com/m/06c1zz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0d945	who is an artist on the we die young album
www.freebase.com/m/03vk8d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is sturry in 
www.freebase.com/m/03c427b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the main language in the movie the stolen loaf
www.freebase.com/m/074q1s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrsjn	what is tim floyd's career?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwks2t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what is kim hye-jin's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0mz6jln	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g3rncp	what is a release from the track jackie?
www.freebase.com/m/01kzvq0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	blackwater park is what type of album?
www.freebase.com/m/0gx_rg3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is laura stack a citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_medium/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03qq_cq	What's an example of a piece of art made using oil paint
www.freebase.com/m/04b9v3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0g1h5y3	What's a greatest hits collection featuring the the marvelettes
www.freebase.com/m/025nq8	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/02474jn	Name a song that credits tom cochrane as a producer
www.freebase.com/m/0htp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0323hs	name a professional astronaut.
www.freebase.com/m/0h8bh7p	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0fl7lm	Who is a parent of jack gross
www.freebase.com/m/047fwf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is john white from
www.freebase.com/m/0kvrb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kyb_r	What's an album by michael nyman
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0c610l	who's a known pitcher
www.freebase.com/m/0dq0z73	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vx5w7	which female artist sang its the way you love me
www.freebase.com/m/01vp8hh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dv176v	what song did terry wogan sing?
www.freebase.com/m/0zm4p59	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01p5t9h	Who wrote the song green isaac
www.freebase.com/m/02hl81g	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/0b4bsm	What's a game in the marathon series
www.freebase.com/m/0w9n3k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/014zb9t	what is canonical version of ethics?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m91	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0711k3	What is the name of a title of a romantic movies
www.freebase.com/m/0d_wdpx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_soundtrack/tv_program	www.freebase.com/m/01j95	what tv show has the soundtrack babylon 5: walkabout
www.freebase.com/m/048tgl	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zg_62k	what is a song composed by josh freese?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqxgl6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	In what format was son of dracula released?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7hncn	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ksh	where was harvey crossland given birth
www.freebase.com/m/065fjf	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06v36	what state can the komati river be found in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt2tb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0lbt3	what is the active ingredient in endocet
www.freebase.com/m/04j2nz2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What type of film is menace
www.freebase.com/m/04w6vw0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what's one of the subjects talked about it usually begins with ayn rand
www.freebase.com/m/013ybx	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/08hpk0	what is zsa zsa gabor ethnic background
www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hb_fx	Name an album of soul music
www.freebase.com/m/02qds4w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What is the genre of the film deathsport
www.freebase.com/m/0lqlqw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/03ppz2	Who produced the song midsummer night
www.freebase.com/m/0tn7g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ly1	what state is cotton valley in
www.freebase.com/m/02hrq1z	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04ylft2	what book did david flanagan write?
www.freebase.com/m/0fmjy5q	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	This self-titled released was originally released in what region?
www.freebase.com/m/0424m	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0mnjw	What is a place that was named after james madison?
www.freebase.com/m/026jcx4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Which country was the film hitman from
www.freebase.com/m/04wdfpf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0g6g3_	who is the author of german modern?
www.freebase.com/m/09v1c9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was the audrey hepburn story made
www.freebase.com/m/02hlgvj	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	who published the game ghostbusters
www.freebase.com/m/01_5cg	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/included_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/0446z2	What is the name of an Apache tribe?
www.freebase.com/m/08qdw6	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what belief does edmond hogan practice
www.freebase.com/m/0y5t782	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is jade grace's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0457qcy	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07c1v	microbeworld radio mostly talks about what subject?
www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05mzjdr	What artists are signed to rca records?
www.freebase.com/m/02rt3ym	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is envenomed an album or an ep
www.freebase.com/m/0f04h0h	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where was dagli appennini alle ande released
www.freebase.com/m/044d4x	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/06npd	which country is trenčín region in
www.freebase.com/m/0bmkcrg	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/081ylkm	Who produced the film unmade beds?
www.freebase.com/m/09k6g8r	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0l2t5	Where did george katinakis die?
www.freebase.com/m/0gqh1n	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01rbv8k	Who did the music for the film la notte
www.freebase.com/m/0ks20p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ebrahim taghipour's gender
www.freebase.com/m/04q8x4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the origin of the artist roger miret and the disasters
www.freebase.com/m/0mxn4dn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g22l1w	what is a track from i shall be released
www.freebase.com/m/02vxlv3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03ctxl	who wrote wise child?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvzn0j	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	which are some of the regions where gold was released in?
www.freebase.com/m/05cf7kb	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/01vsl	where are the air force falcons men's basketball from
www.freebase.com/m/05dhc5	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does david marshall play 
www.freebase.com/m/0b7j_g3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is ancilla tilia
www.freebase.com/m/04xm2c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What was the original language from the book called the cat's eye
www.freebase.com/m/0wkjf6s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0149xx	who is the main artist in the cello concerto no. 2 / symphony no. 5 album
www.freebase.com/m/024xs5	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/committee_memberships	www.freebase.com/m/046lmc	which committee is susan davis a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01wm2wy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what kind of music does gregg giuffria play?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crrt8t	what is a 1999 documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/029mqm	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0bdgp	what style of architecture is pittock mansion
www.freebase.com/m/076xtqg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is nurses on the line: the crash of flight 7?
www.freebase.com/m/07s72n	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0jwt60n	what is an album that is considered to be dubstep?
www.freebase.com/m/01qbqdx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01d4cb	What musician made pecos bill
www.freebase.com/m/02hlbsv	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/08rq55	who is the developer of the game the lord of the rings: war of the ring?
www.freebase.com/m/03hfz	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/0148d	where is the place of heinrich himmler
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01g1vrs	what are albums?
www.freebase.com/m/0vpndjy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is mamrie hart 
www.freebase.com/m/04whpdh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	what is the coil about?
www.freebase.com/m/07lvc8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What country did real, the movie take place in?
www.freebase.com/m/02698_h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	where is sam chan from?
www.freebase.com/m/0_cv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0bdg5	Where did arthur phillip die
www.freebase.com/m/0272h8p	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	which type of mountain is gamalama
www.freebase.com/m/04440k	www.freebase.com/boats/ship/ship_class	www.freebase.com/m/016w97	what type of ship is uss bashaw
www.freebase.com/m/0b6hlwt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What sort of movie is judgement
www.freebase.com/m/0fylh0r	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0hg6h	what's one of the physical formats that now that’s what i call music! 49 was released on
www.freebase.com/m/026snty	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018fc9	where was hellmut krug born
www.freebase.com/m/0bx_hnp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is george harrison: living in the material world
www.freebase.com/m/0j25hh6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01n7	what is st. peters church
www.freebase.com/m/04gjv82	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0bdgp	what is the type of architectural style of frederick hastings rindge house?
www.freebase.com/m/05mr0w7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/015xf8	what caused gunnar \\"the ghost pilot\\" andersson's death
www.freebase.com/m/071jj	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kpkld	What is the temperament of a siberian husky
www.freebase.com/m/0338x5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqycs4	what is the active moiety in the drug frovatriptan
www.freebase.com/m/037cst9	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/02spf1	What album is small change featured on
www.freebase.com/m/0m5m1k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0dsygv	what album has san jose in it 
www.freebase.com/m/0cl3sx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What type of film is blow dry?
www.freebase.com/m/0bt_7mg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is nightsongs a drama or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crgr4d	What is an example of a romance film?
www.freebase.com/m/03j693v	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dr0yw1	mastermix classic cuts 59: soul/r&b is the release that includes what track?
www.freebase.com/m/0frcgz5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	where was jorge grundman born
www.freebase.com/m/01nhkxp	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/05p34d	what album did linda perry compose?
www.freebase.com/m/0nltq	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains 
www.freebase.com/m/05mdqj	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0287pm9	what film did antoine fuqua produce 
www.freebase.com/m/035sdy3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/024jv1m	whats the title of a track from the release  cinérama
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0288y26	which midfielder plays for the amiens football team?
www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wghkr	Name a book about philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/036jxr5	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was snaz released in 
www.freebase.com/m/09g6v5y	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is spoken throughout the movie ghajini
www.freebase.com/m/06wwck	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05dnstg	Name a tv episode written by bryan fuller?
www.freebase.com/m/03g29yp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What type of music is featured in the gettin' with it album
www.freebase.com/m/02xry	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clw5f2	what educational university is in florida
www.freebase.com/m/02r8hph	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music can be found on the album called john denver’s greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0_r2xmk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of peter saphier
www.freebase.com/m/051y8td	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/075fzd	what subject was the film when abortion was illegal: untold stories
www.freebase.com/m/0dl7l8n	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	what production company created the film tip on a dead jockey
www.freebase.com/m/0qzs_xl	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	what is tony fair best known for
www.freebase.com/m/05qjr_b	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02chbw	who published chthon
www.freebase.com/m/040bk2	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04kpjx0	what color is the breed biewer terrier
www.freebase.com/m/082857	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbbt	what does kyleeastwood do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0dz5_c2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mcvfpk	WHat's a track from aksi İstikamet
www.freebase.com/m/0h8gb6n	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what does gary giudice do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpj4k	www.freebase.com/medicine/condition_prevention_factors/conditions_this_may_prevent	www.freebase.com/m/07y4y1w	what condition could be prevented by dalteparin sodium?
www.freebase.com/m/036ms_8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is 2001 
www.freebase.com/m/0y5n5jm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was judy. london. 1969?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0bvy1zw	what is the name of a 1993 35 mm film 
www.freebase.com/m/02hxw66	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	which language did tharaka language originate from
www.freebase.com/m/05t4q	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/070nmdj	who is a fictional character whose occupation was a  physician
www.freebase.com/m/01rl14q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02zqf6	where did akron originate from 
www.freebase.com/m/01jmkrm	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wbxnh	who created the music album the blues collection 15: be my guest
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05sxjcz	who is a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/05gk2gv	www.freebase.com/base/usnris/significance_level/listings	www.freebase.com/m/027vp2	Name a national naval vessel.
www.freebase.com/m/09_twg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what genre is torso
www.freebase.com/m/0fp6g8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is vital aza's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtwj_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of prometrium
www.freebase.com/m/05q1t4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which football position is alhassane keita known for playing
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y5yx8	List an asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/02qw_jy	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which soccer position is played by nacer barazite
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/wine/wine_region/wines	www.freebase.com/m/03xzv93	what wine was produced in california?
www.freebase.com/m/0511f	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hm9vy	Which games are on the mac os platform
www.freebase.com/m/03c_4fq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What genre is the netflix film how to lose friends & alienate people apart of ?
www.freebase.com/m/0n43s	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b6rt1	Name a place in jackson county.
www.freebase.com/m/02qt_6q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	With which genre do les variations identify
www.freebase.com/m/0j2t33j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	where was bonnie beecher's mother when she went into labor
www.freebase.com/m/0bbc759	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	Where is paki smith from
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c0v3s	what creek is located in Virginia, united states
www.freebase.com/m/0274ck	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/01crdf8	which tracks did devin townsend engineer?
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/076wjtl	Name a football player that played forward
www.freebase.com/m/02hxt95	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/01n8qg	where is fataleka language spoken at?
www.freebase.com/m/025_qz2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/079vf	who created zombie?
www.freebase.com/m/01lmcqh	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is the best of the blind boys
www.freebase.com/m/031_vf	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0h7q77d	who is the child of gordon gray?
www.freebase.com/m/0nh1l2p	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03q08x	who is the child of michael loren keenan?
www.freebase.com/m/0m05mp0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03frh99	What album is the tourist a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0crt2tl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Where did the film lakhon ki baat originate?
www.freebase.com/m/0bk6nc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of the title london
www.freebase.com/m/0f0jxyv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04qmr	What artist produced the album numb/encore
www.freebase.com/m/0rns41v	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	what language is my way predominantly in
www.freebase.com/m/0g2l04r	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format is the best of?
www.freebase.com/m/01w1sx	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/08720	what film is about the cold war?
www.freebase.com/m/05w2z6l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is roger longrigg
www.freebase.com/m/02qp9qk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which european language is mcmahon filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02r7z6v	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does norton mccoy identify as
www.freebase.com/m/0jyw	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/03c0sfr	what team is located in ankara
www.freebase.com/m/052q4j	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0ftt89	what school is considered a catholic school?
www.freebase.com/m/047c3q9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what film genre is the movie warning sign
www.freebase.com/m/0gltktn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/based_on	www.freebase.com/m/03_nq	who is the character  john quincy adams based on
www.freebase.com/m/05qgc	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4606	what is the name of a poetry book
www.freebase.com/m/01rvp6z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	what music company is curt boettcher with?
www.freebase.com/m/02qpn3t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does rick witter & the dukes make 
www.freebase.com/m/0cv8d90	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03spz	The night-time butterflies series originates from where?
www.freebase.com/m/093nph	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what is barrie baycats's color?
www.freebase.com/m/0496qm5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k3gj	What county is larrywaug contained by
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03ql4pz	What album is classified under the Dance-Pop musical genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7txx	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_owner/teams_owned	www.freebase.com/m/0jm5b	what team does abe pollin own 
www.freebase.com/m/02vqtnm	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/056w08	What entity was involved in the battle of smithfield crossing?
www.freebase.com/m/0kr_t	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03wysny	what's a radio station that plays coldplay
www.freebase.com/m/02zsh5	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01bp5t	what is the city in the  borough of wokingham
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/025yjs	what is a post-punk song?
www.freebase.com/m/01vswwx	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0vptz8h	what lyrics did bono write
www.freebase.com/m/03chghx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What type pf genre is nasrani?
www.freebase.com/m/0vj9s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	Where is meerlo-wanssum
www.freebase.com/m/04258w	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03d687h	what film did samuel fuller direct
www.freebase.com/m/0h0rfh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ls2v	what is one of the 19 voivodeships located in mid-northern Poland
www.freebase.com/m/04j315h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What is the genre of my son the vampire
www.freebase.com/m/07pj3	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/040h6qc	List a game released on the turbografx-16
www.freebase.com/m/04t4vdz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the subject of transition
www.freebase.com/m/0bc6w9	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0m2jv7	What track did david briggs (producer) produce?
www.freebase.com/m/027sqvq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/016wvy	Who wrote here she comes now?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch1n4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	What type of school is the david thompson secondary school
www.freebase.com/m/017dw4	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03z9585	what movie was written by christopher mcquarrie
www.freebase.com/m/0cvcbrb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What netflix genre is stripteaser 2 categorized under
www.freebase.com/m/02qc9qm	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gt6s	who wrote the film zaza
www.freebase.com/m/0481hvf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02jfc	what genre is peerview cme/ce video podcast - oncology considered 
www.freebase.com/m/0d4c3w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05pq9	who wrote the lyrics to it might as well be spring?
www.freebase.com/m/0gl6kz	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	What time zone is gualdo, marche in?
www.freebase.com/m/0w_mjbd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of hugo danckaert?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nz9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04f76fm	what's a movie in the children & family movies section on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02rrf15	Who is a notable defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/015t_m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/018c64t	what is a track made by hugh masekela
www.freebase.com/m/0v2cc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0njvn	which county is berrien springs located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crydx7	what is a documentary film about the titanic called
www.freebase.com/m/0glqnrt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0596ss	where did alexi amarista originally come from
www.freebase.com/m/09lqg8	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_series	www.freebase.com/m/01cbr6	what film series is a corny concerto part of
www.freebase.com/m/02hxl7v	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/026kj	Which language family is the kurumba, alu language part of
www.freebase.com/m/0gkx_7n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is the career of paolo cavara
www.freebase.com/m/0bc4z_2	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bjsw	who created the story for the pied piper
www.freebase.com/m/059chy6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d6gr	what type of book is culture and values
www.freebase.com/m/02r50bz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was albert popwell born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsjrl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0h1tz	what is drug has trophamine as an active ingredient 
www.freebase.com/m/0fln0sn	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is make way / goin' places
www.freebase.com/m/0j72_pt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wrnl	Where was hitoshi ohne born
www.freebase.com/m/02vr0b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04xd7y	Where was mark shuttleworth born
www.freebase.com/m/0378031	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lhn1wt	what is a track released from free to move
www.freebase.com/m/05p302r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what kind of music does i trust you to kill me played
www.freebase.com/m/08l133	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is tha' rayne from?
www.freebase.com/m/0pwft3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05qh8_	who is the flemish belgian composer that recorded augustus?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05b5hzl	what is an indie rock album released in 2009?
www.freebase.com/m/03fy7j4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is later... with jools holland: cool britannia
www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r4t29	who plays nu metal
www.freebase.com/m/0fkrb2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ch62	Where was thomas pinault born?
www.freebase.com/m/026_w6	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0399ffh	what release was under record label domino recording company
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0cc80zc	Which asteroid was named after an American student?
www.freebase.com/m/04ts7p	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/030jjl	what are video games developed by transgaming
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/050zwz	What artist plays the genre alternative rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0h61lh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	where in california was john locke born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0chw_	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03bkbh	whats jodie foster's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/04g1c_5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	What type of asteroid group is 11725 victoriahsu a member of
www.freebase.com/m/09rw_3b	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sex	www.freebase.com/m/0c0ygc	what sex is canadian bound
www.freebase.com/m/0q2001v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	Which country created the film zimmer 606
www.freebase.com/m/0fx7bwy	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w57m	who released an album called achilles and the tortoise original soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/05p7_1z	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is anita peabody
www.freebase.com/m/04w49mr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0fvv0v	who is the author of malcolm x
www.freebase.com/m/0gdw67b	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of album is eps 1991-2002?
www.freebase.com/m/02rnwy5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of ike nwankwo
www.freebase.com/m/02t15y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hql3td	what drug does sandoz make
www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/04zldl	What's an adventure game adapted from a comic book
www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/0g52g	what river partially runs through virginia
www.freebase.com/m/048q1fs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n4w	What state is rockdale in
www.freebase.com/m/063tbnp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	What game genre is psi chess within
www.freebase.com/m/05ws7	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/02rkmt4	What book was written about the police?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/04gw12n	what is the name of a tv drama
www.freebase.com/m/025yy0y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03ntkf4	Who wrote the magic show?
www.freebase.com/m/01v8qf	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0m75g	in what borough in South Yorkshire, England is the porter brook river located
www.freebase.com/m/026hmvr	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0q4mn	which movement is allan d'arcangelo associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/04whqjk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the subject content of the book frontiers of legal theory
www.freebase.com/m/01ldhbw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ldhdc	who is the artist on complete chess masters?
www.freebase.com/m/0dp76p7	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06twql	who was the artist on the album just you, just me
www.freebase.com/m/03fz6km	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	which artist made the album jump
www.freebase.com/m/0dv_hkm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	whats the nationality of  jamie aditya
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b6tf85	what is the name of a drama movie
www.freebase.com/m/0h27p1f	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/compressed_formats	www.freebase.com/m/0220vh_	What type of form does the olympus e-pl3 camera process files?
www.freebase.com/m/0fqnrn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mlw1	which places contains the winchester mountain lookout?
www.freebase.com/m/0v16hh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/034m3_x	what is a release from the recording new orleans?
www.freebase.com/m/0431v6s	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what is the content discussed on cnn: paging dr. gupta (video)
www.freebase.com/m/03d2fl_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of movie is pay your dues
www.freebase.com/m/05llgf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	Where was robin spry born?
www.freebase.com/m/05q711t	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	what position does jeff adrien play
www.freebase.com/m/0g1_mxf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	What is alexandru solomon's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/024mwmh	What is a jazz album by Thad Jones?
www.freebase.com/m/0290sh6	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04ycq2	what book focuses on  literary 
www.freebase.com/m/0g_xg	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06l0f	Who did gunter grass influence?
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0xmps7q	Who is a film director?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	www.freebase.com/base/ecology/food_web_member/eats	www.freebase.com/m/0f9_l	what's one marine animal that humans eat
www.freebase.com/m/0gzc78	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	who is cleve jones
www.freebase.com/m/032pj0s	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was stompin at the savoy: live released?
www.freebase.com/m/034_nbt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/017wq59	Name a track in the album leftover blues 1991-2003?
www.freebase.com/m/01p2b_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k_x4v	Which artists are signed with nuclear blast
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0520802	which footballer plays the midfielder position
www.freebase.com/m/0x1b0qw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is joana mendl-fink's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/05_19g	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/077_8t	what is the film in which david campbell (composer) worked in
www.freebase.com/m/05qdv0s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language was written in the mammoth encyclopedia of science fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0gg9r39	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/08p4cr	What dialect is spoken in republic of kosovo
www.freebase.com/m/03zz586	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the region that pepsi chart 2002 was released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02bm9qy	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/0j770	where does seal of the department of commerce appear
www.freebase.com/m/0bcwy3	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/0268d	what is foot drop a symptom of
www.freebase.com/m/0sg8r8m	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/0vsj7ym	what films were played at the 2013 ann arbor film festival
www.freebase.com/m/01ndklg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0561tp	What label signed the artist the upper crust
www.freebase.com/m/03y7nvg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/0391lh	who discovered 5082 nihonsyoki
www.freebase.com/m/0m5pqst	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03_h00j	what release is navigator in?
www.freebase.com/m/04y6zrg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03l2n	What city is carey selph died
www.freebase.com/m/063_jdf	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	Where did the 52nd regiment kentucky volunteer mounted infantry originate
www.freebase.com/m/011y6c9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/05grlm	Who was the producer of shine?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8mb5	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	whats the position that greg blue plays
www.freebase.com/m/025tm65	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/02h7y4	what os the administrative parent of drohobych raion?
www.freebase.com/m/0zxkcz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0qx3dt	What's the canonical version of jewel
www.freebase.com/m/03_t2wk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m5z2gx	whats the name of the track from the release more bob dylan greatest hits
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0cj8gc	What;s an example of a pop music artist
www.freebase.com/m/083y57	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03jkk7	who made the music for buffalo soldiers (film) 
www.freebase.com/m/04cvn_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05xb426	Name a art critic
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01jqy5z	who is an artist that performs alternative rock
www.freebase.com/m/010h8w	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	What is the time zone of huntsville?
www.freebase.com/m/04wj2fv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04gb7	what is the topic of tell the court i love my wife
www.freebase.com/m/0dshjs8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	where was the album desire released
www.freebase.com/m/09g65p2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is don page's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04t4n1z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/084r0	what's out of eden about
www.freebase.com/m/0f0h0sv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mdm38y	What is a song off the cd btl btl?
www.freebase.com/m/03zq94	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/09wpcnr	Who did the costume design for white fang?
www.freebase.com/m/02ztzv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin of fastlane
www.freebase.com/m/08m864	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/015cjr	What was glenda hatchett's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02q6r0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01flgk	who was the perpetrator of the invasion of java
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqg85	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what shape is equaline ibuprofen 200 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/09fb5	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0339dm	what film did jack nicholson write
www.freebase.com/m/0gxvldt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country was the film happy birthday, mr. mograbi based in
www.freebase.com/m/07ldlj4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0pj9t	Who is the subject of the TV episode bobby darin
www.freebase.com/m/06nq0bk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01x7zs	who wrote oliver wiswell 
www.freebase.com/m/01w6mr0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6_zws	What's a song by christof lauer from bluebells
www.freebase.com/m/0w5fzq7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What type of music is off the apocalypse album
www.freebase.com/m/06415k1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/016vjp	Where was the place of birth of jeremiah theus
www.freebase.com/m/049k00m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f7_80s	what is a track from the disc release absolute music 57
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/012kyx	what horror films came out in 2002?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jb0c0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is With the Angels composed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0yb7y02	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release typ eof the album get in the ring?\\
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gm2nb	what is a commune in the country of italy
www.freebase.com/m/0qzkct0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	Where was fred johnson born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtbvd6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mb7pgs	what is a song that appears on the track list of graffiti the world
www.freebase.com/m/0s6_2	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nvnp	what county is benton located in
www.freebase.com/m/03cs629	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is semih kaplanoğlu's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/07lybp	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0drz8	which ethnic group does yvonne kauger belong to
www.freebase.com/m/03fynhq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the type of release of screwed: al goldsteins kingdom of porn?
www.freebase.com/m/0204dm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what language is pom poko in?
www.freebase.com/m/07l9d	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/06dvmn	What restaurant serves tex-mex food?
www.freebase.com/m/0mdxd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/01vdhcc	which tv program is music video
www.freebase.com/m/04zww86	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What kind of book is upon some midnights clear?
www.freebase.com/m/02ppqr8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what genre is volym 3
www.freebase.com/m/0dxhd9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does abderrahim ouakili play
www.freebase.com/m/0wc_hwb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wjbn6	Which artist recorded tempest?
www.freebase.com/m/027xpfs	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is chuck share's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0db_dm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What was friedrich hielscher professionally 
www.freebase.com/m/034ns	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w69y9	what are books about geography
www.freebase.com/m/0crvhgc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what sort of film is donizetti: lucia di lammermoor?
www.freebase.com/m/0gql4x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is frank crawford armstrong
www.freebase.com/m/0170hg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/02r1khq	Where was stephen a. douglas buried
www.freebase.com/m/049zfdh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050ks	Which state is the promised land located in
www.freebase.com/m/04ybq_7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fwdhb9	Name a track by the artist kalafina?
www.freebase.com/m/08pyfw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/026_w6	What label does steve reid record under
www.freebase.com/m/0hqss1x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0cf417	what is the dosage form of delos?
www.freebase.com/m/01lgh23	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lgh7_	Which artist recorded 16 most requested songs?
www.freebase.com/m/0f136wb	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0d8n8lx	per saari has been the executive producer of what film?
www.freebase.com/m/0h4_cj	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/07zhd7	Who did the music for deep in my heart?
www.freebase.com/m/025t8wm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What kind of composition is make me smile
www.freebase.com/m/03y2vs0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/near_earth_object/near_earth_object_classification	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What is 6456 golombek's near earth object classification?
www.freebase.com/m/0hptm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dm31fw	which man was born in newark?
www.freebase.com/m/0135vt	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09f3c	Where was adolph francis alphonse bandelier when he died
www.freebase.com/m/0l02rq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is palani subramaniam pillai?
www.freebase.com/m/01qp4nl	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is sielun veljet?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7gvmj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is terri hanauer?
www.freebase.com/m/027jq68	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what is the primary color of hanoi university of technology
www.freebase.com/m/0c3sth	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which war did paul logasa bogen attend
www.freebase.com/m/0bh9d27	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music does sandy leah lima sing?
www.freebase.com/m/01mxf	www.freebase.com/architecture/lighthouse_construction_material/used_on_lighthouse	www.freebase.com/m/02rwgkg	Which is a lighthouse that was built with concrete
www.freebase.com/m/01hc9_	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/05nd17	which 2004 film did haruki murakami provide the story for?
www.freebase.com/m/0nd1by0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats the language spoken on the movie bloodlock
www.freebase.com/m/04gp2x0	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position did baseball player cardell camper play?
www.freebase.com/m/04k12v	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what is the netflix genre of bless the child?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs6w63	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/05dqwq	which company produced affair in havana
www.freebase.com/m/03cx2sl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01nqz6	Which county is the oșoiu river located in
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04f_90s	what artist makes dance-pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/01l72d6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g293	What genre of music is selena?
www.freebase.com/m/05w_4w5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is peter dicken known as
www.freebase.com/m/0b25w7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	What genre of book is the flivver king
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fxgg47	which album is released by Sham 69
www.freebase.com/m/0_qwkb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vlwtn	who released count on me
www.freebase.com/m/0w1hkvc	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is teh profession of esther seibt?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvdf8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is william green's sex
www.freebase.com/m/036qs6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of millennium, the tv program
www.freebase.com/m/0j43lvm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was the devil's labyrinth written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk_l64	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	what is the architectural style of john gibbs
www.freebase.com/m/0d_prg	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0btj0	who edited the movie seven chances
www.freebase.com/m/01j3kj4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was live & alive released 
www.freebase.com/m/0jvcrv0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	dave flitton is of this human gender.
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03y7x64	What is the name of a notable football forward
www.freebase.com/m/04mg5k	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/033dzsd	what release did pierre marchand produce
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0t30r	what city is in the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/034n2g	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0hyn4	what can a person eat on a gluten-free diet
www.freebase.com/m/0g5styj	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03hgw11	which movie did george mendeluk direct
www.freebase.com/m/07bbc	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/0c22vv	what is an airport close to skopje
www.freebase.com/m/0h8hscs	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/03s75z	what job sector does clout work in
www.freebase.com/m/0crrpks	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	which type of film was down by love shot in
www.freebase.com/m/0bfsr7	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is the profession of harry whittington?
www.freebase.com/m/03yl3tb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of object is 10888 yamatano-orochi
www.freebase.com/m/01jnm	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02r12dv	Who was a general involved in the battle of gettysburg
www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/026w3fd	what is the title of a japanese language netflix title
www.freebase.com/m/05f5qfn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of film is black soul
www.freebase.com/m/01_3ly	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zkvmr2	what song did michelle shocked write
www.freebase.com/m/031ny08	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	In what region was pepsi: more music, volume 6 released?
www.freebase.com/m/02pzqc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What music genre is "Dishwalla"?
www.freebase.com/m/016fzrl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p941	who recorded the song coloured city
www.freebase.com/m/08r2qj	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05p3738	What's a movie directed by neil marshall
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gbwp24	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/0h5k	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whjg3	What is the title of a work whose subject is anthropology?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsn_j	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	what is the active ingredient in camphor (synthetic) and menthol 110/100 ointment
www.freebase.com/m/0k38wlm	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_producer/plays_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0gkd40j	what is a work produced by elizabeth williams
www.freebase.com/m/01knrvm	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07r1_	which group recorded gish
www.freebase.com/m/020zhv	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03qtgc6	which industry does china mobile work in
www.freebase.com/m/05p5pk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What was mickey moore famous as
www.freebase.com/m/02x6xy	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02ctzb	What race is melinda clarke?
www.freebase.com/m/01clyr	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fpjd_g	who is signed to the record label polydor records
www.freebase.com/m/0_6v_r	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is solar system a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/03vrb5	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01fqk9	Who was a parent of theophilus cibber
www.freebase.com/m/0f222bz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	What kind of music is the album the bqe?
www.freebase.com/m/016p7_m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0cy2hy	who was the producer of pamela?
www.freebase.com/m/04txd1v	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/03dq14	what type of bounding does silverfall come in
www.freebase.com/m/0lc_4km	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0n_5bv	which recording contains the track colorado?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hhgbs0	Name a male screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/01v31x	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion did joe e. kernan practice
www.freebase.com/m/0_htljg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0sls5_x	what recording contains the track september
www.freebase.com/m/0jxcj66	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/04k94	what is the dosage form of the drug teething complex?
www.freebase.com/m/02g4fj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What is the subject of the book titled death in the afternoon
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0ch1b8j	who is an Argentinian midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/01tjqm0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what genre is the artist larry groce
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/043bwg	What's an example of an animation program?
www.freebase.com/m/0t63b	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	What is cambridge?
www.freebase.com/m/026vwdv	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/05kyr	the event battle of svistov  took place where
www.freebase.com/m/026cv_k	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is erol gelenbe considered
www.freebase.com/m/09ghfzt	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	What is the ethnicity of ivan kulyk?
www.freebase.com/m/04k02l	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/03c73yc	which person is marwaris
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jd_n2	What's an album released in 1990
www.freebase.com/m/0b2w4_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04lw	What is missouri school of journalism?
www.freebase.com/m/0gsyjh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01l9vr	Where was charles r. adams born
www.freebase.com/m/0dhc92	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is a way the game neon genesis evangelion: ayanami raising project  can be played
www.freebase.com/m/017zxv	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/0tz41	Where is the mouth of the merrimack river
www.freebase.com/m/025tb61	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fmtd	What was the genre of the program titled a scare at bedtime
www.freebase.com/m/0kyql22	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	what company made bakushou!! jinsei gekijou 2?
www.freebase.com/m/04j09mx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What kind of netflix film is natasha?
www.freebase.com/m/06m6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bmbqky	who is the ragtime artist born in denmark?
www.freebase.com/m/01ksz9	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014_lq	What artist is on the record label Matador Records?
www.freebase.com/m/019r4mv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0m11d3	which song is part of berlin
www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t0j45	which book is about philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/0d__ptz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j_t2g	Which artist recorded the song new orleans
www.freebase.com/m/035wjcw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/014ggtb	what song is featured on street villains, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/0bbr8y1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the better way film in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlntt3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	Which genre of film is solemn promise in
www.freebase.com/m/0hn_vwh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is antonio altoviti?
www.freebase.com/m/06w2myz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where in California was suzanne ridgeway born?
www.freebase.com/m/0chtsbf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What does dunia ayaso do
www.freebase.com/m/0gh61k8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country filmed when hell broke loose.
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqnf	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/02qvz	what is the formulation of clear defense hand sanitizing wipes 
www.freebase.com/m/01vsy7t	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0m2ly5	Which track was produced by david bowie?
www.freebase.com/m/03fgnbz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0n60ql	Name a track from the fast and the furious.
www.freebase.com/m/02rcdhk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	What war is the subject of the game blazing angels 2: secret missions of wwii
www.freebase.com/m/021l3q	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/01twcs	which songs were written by lyricist paul cook?
www.freebase.com/m/02qd04y	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jt4hn	who was the executive producer on the warlords
www.freebase.com/m/058nt	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/026hyfg	whats the name of a marvel universe character
www.freebase.com/m/04r2_h	www.freebase.com/base/yalebase/residential_college/alumni	www.freebase.com/m/076gxh	who's one of the alumni from silliman college
www.freebase.com/m/03czmxk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was the kiss in the tunnel filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04xdqn0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	In which subject would you learn about Confession and Bookkeeping? 
www.freebase.com/m/02qkrg6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of film is venus 5?
www.freebase.com/m/0bvbvl	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	What type of school is sir salimullah medical college
www.freebase.com/m/0gm271z	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is flyabout
www.freebase.com/m/011ln5	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/02mbm4	What language family does lao language belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0w7bh8f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is clarence thomas
www.freebase.com/m/0ddg6gl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	What language is spoken in the film?
www.freebase.com/m/01xsbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/05vn8q	who is daughter of edward fox (actor)
www.freebase.com/m/027jk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	which country locates djibouti
www.freebase.com/m/032n3z	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt44y	which ingredient is contained in azithromycin
www.freebase.com/m/0219j5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrd83	which marketed formulation of the drug bupropion is there
www.freebase.com/m/052dt5	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gmwx3	What's a place in province of frosinone
www.freebase.com/m/0t_9y	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	what time zone is westford, massachusetts in
www.freebase.com/m/0f189sp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0md5sdc	What's song is a part of the beatles collection
www.freebase.com/m/078_jf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is william stewart halsted born?
www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/043lj9b	What is the name of an electronic dance music album
www.freebase.com/m/0f5vz4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/09gbf	who composed zoraida di granata
www.freebase.com/m/0405y4l	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is another part of the forest
www.freebase.com/m/027kmrb	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0gy2y8r	What film did Steve Tisch produce?
www.freebase.com/m/05zwsw8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jg58	what was the album no baggage's genre
www.freebase.com/m/0w1thmh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre of film is dead world order considered
www.freebase.com/m/05f5t99	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what are springfield high school's colors
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04_1llv	what artist play punk rock music
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02pqx3p	Who's a south korean rhythm and blues musician
www.freebase.com/m/050z2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/04f2zj	What is mike oldfield's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/075mhb	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is the profession of  iain pears
www.freebase.com/m/09p9g_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dc95	Which city did frances harriet whipple green mcdougall die in
www.freebase.com/m/01m5r9j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what type of music is live in new orleans
www.freebase.com/m/0fx8qpn	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the format of the algorhythms release
www.freebase.com/m/01tkh33	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where did the artist  the bomb originate from
www.freebase.com/m/04t0ccb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is nine
www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/02ptjvx	What's a radio station that broadcasts talk radio
www.freebase.com/m/06nbt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/06w33vp	what's a tv show meant to be satire
www.freebase.com/m/0b__m80	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what celestial object is 6726 suthers
www.freebase.com/m/03y1fgl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is the classification of 3841 dicicco
www.freebase.com/m/0g8ptld	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the language spoken in the filmnew american soldier?
www.freebase.com/m/02x1173	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Which city was al wickland born
www.freebase.com/m/09_jv0	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what neighborhood is hillcrest a part of
www.freebase.com/m/03y5mlg	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/01l89j	what female astronomer did discover 2932 kempchinsky
www.freebase.com/m/0413222	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is  david staff's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0h2nhxc	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/039xqw	Who is roman oleynik's child
www.freebase.com/m/03htz_	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/successor	www.freebase.com/m/03hv0c	what is the successor of the vehicle saturn s-series
www.freebase.com/m/0xkr4n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l5ntf1	what is a song on excalibur
www.freebase.com/m/033l95	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is woody shaw based
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0b7663b	What is a planetary system of the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0wpch8j	which blues-rock artist appeared in 1965?
www.freebase.com/m/0crflm0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	blackout is an example of what genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/03cny9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0h815gl	what category does badge belong to
www.freebase.com/m/029x5cs	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/02hq3j	where does viterbi school of engineering, west wall appear
www.freebase.com/m/03j8_t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0jwgkw0	what is an episode on fat albert and the cosby kids
www.freebase.com/m/0bhgmr7	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is arthur jafa's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wj41x	what book is suspense
www.freebase.com/m/0cb5tk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d9jr	Where was nick ramus born
www.freebase.com/m/03ncwn	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/02hvph	What is a risk factor of pressure ulcer?
www.freebase.com/m/055yr	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/059r74k	what game can be played on os x?
www.freebase.com/m/0dscyt6	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	where did marian waldman die
www.freebase.com/m/09z1gl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mj73j	which 1999 album was recorded by antonello venditti?
www.freebase.com/m/0p2pf	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0qx1w	Name a city in Sebastian County?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07s7mn4	what is the  name of a movie title that is classified as a thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/03fk6xz	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f49y00	what is an example track from shooter
www.freebase.com/m/0c0qf	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0c16t	what war did lew wallace participate in
www.freebase.com/m/06w8w0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of joe delaney?
www.freebase.com/m/03cc10f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fq2cg_	what album did jack wilson release?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0n1tw12	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/03y_9v	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/04qhdf	who is the owner of wmal radio station?
www.freebase.com/m/0frrsmq	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what continent released the album classic hits
www.freebase.com/m/043b_l	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0191_7	which industry is lands' end in
www.freebase.com/m/0crq18	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0286hsj	what is a musician that plays christian ska music
www.freebase.com/m/0dq1b_3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where is summer jam 2005 released at?
www.freebase.com/m/0ff7f85	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ff7fdn	which tracks are listed in the release rfm - deep feelings?
www.freebase.com/m/040s2y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22yh	what genre is stalingrad (film) under 
www.freebase.com/m/0g9tv06	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/055qm	what language is spoken in zenda
www.freebase.com/m/01h320	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/07hwkr	what is james a. micheners ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0qm6y01	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is emmanuel saada best known for
www.freebase.com/m/08cnsg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01qx1j9	What is an album by sami yusuf?
www.freebase.com/m/08bzkd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	which city in the USA is lawrence joseph henderson from
www.freebase.com/m/01k251r	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Is get in where you fit in a dvd or an album
www.freebase.com/m/04zmd2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nation is charles e. leiserson from
www.freebase.com/m/0gbm1d	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is giarole located in?
www.freebase.com/m/01n4w	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clw9kl	What's a beauty institute located in colorado
www.freebase.com/m/065ltvr	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was tape bound, volume 3 filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/026xrr9	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position did miguel Ángel carrilero play?
www.freebase.com/m/06x1g5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01cxqb	where is henri mouhot pass away?
www.freebase.com/m/0xgd015	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0x1xtwd	what is a track of stay
www.freebase.com/m/0bwm612	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	what is the religion of maral boyadjian?
www.freebase.com/m/04t046m	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	exile  is classified as what book genre
www.freebase.com/m/0_hvt9g	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the composition form of pop’s love suicide
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/054ds7	What's an action game made by sega
www.freebase.com/m/080d0t	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what is the tau virginis
www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0lbyn61	Name a cinematographer
www.freebase.com/m/022byl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03wbz35	what person was born in jaworzno?
www.freebase.com/m/09gml02	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how is promise and terror released as?
www.freebase.com/m/07khlxm	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01cqz5	Who is a parent of adisaya suriyabha?
www.freebase.com/m/051zdm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0w8kzvf	What is a track by the alchemist?
www.freebase.com/m/05vyk	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03nw4vb	Name a pianist.
www.freebase.com/m/01nx9kf	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	what kind of album is save my soul
www.freebase.com/m/05x2t7	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/03343l	What is the name of a film that orry-kelly did the costume design for
www.freebase.com/m/0h_7968	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01tkqy	what is christopher jon gombos's profession in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/02xb952	what is an asteroid discovered by Japanese astronomers
www.freebase.com/m/0440rf	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who is ned buntline
www.freebase.com/m/0tp5v_p	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0ryw17x	who recorded pilot
www.freebase.com/m/0j29h23	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is the film desert of fire from?
www.freebase.com/m/0lt5wsn	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/014k5cl	which recording contains the track rabat?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bms3	what is an animation film based on the cartoon Alvin and the Chipmunks
www.freebase.com/m/012ts	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/043s8v9	which woman was born in auckland?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0f8mgv	what's the name of a single-player horror game
www.freebase.com/m/039rjr_	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0166x15	what tracks are on sings his greatest hits?
www.freebase.com/m/014xrp7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ld1pjr	What track is ragtime a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/0g1f_zq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mx1pf9	what song was included in the hits album 6
www.freebase.com/m/0hlrr12	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0m2l9	Who wrote the music for neil young journeys
www.freebase.com/m/05pc7hm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fvyg	darrius barnes was born in this city
www.freebase.com/m/02q01py	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What kind of film is guru?
www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2csq	What is a title that can be found in the netflix genre vampire?
www.freebase.com/m/09wrcc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	What label is trevor bolder signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0mzfq30	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g62q4q	What album is the track curtains from
www.freebase.com/m/03_j8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02p3ykr	Where did james cook die?
www.freebase.com/m/02_z9s	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/042g7t	which time zone does añasco associate with
www.freebase.com/m/0gzd7p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01jr6	which bay area city was david f. dodge born in 
www.freebase.com/m/034dpm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is anna holbrook from
www.freebase.com/m/0n770yr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	Where in sweden was susanne falck born?
www.freebase.com/m/04d34d	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/03d6_6b	Who founded sunbeam car company
www.freebase.com/m/014tkl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	Where is isabel allende from
www.freebase.com/m/01thz0y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0k_kr	what is the label of the artist keith west?
www.freebase.com/m/0327_0y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/024ppc9	what song is fro lefty loose righty tight
www.freebase.com/m/0glz5cs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is in heaven
www.freebase.com/m/0dt6rc	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04j2c8n	what film did sheldon moldoff receive writer's credit
www.freebase.com/m/04w2628	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is dashiell hammett in
www.freebase.com/m/0342m23	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was bright red released in?
www.freebase.com/m/01c_d	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_team/away_games	www.freebase.com/m/07dlmkf	What was an away game of the buffalo bills?
www.freebase.com/m/03tg8m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is richard blumenthal male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03lvg5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the preppie murder
www.freebase.com/m/07scx	www.freebase.com/computer/software/languages_used	www.freebase.com/m/01t6b	what language is used in the software unix
www.freebase.com/m/0f9jvxz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	where was ride the lightning released
www.freebase.com/m/01lr183	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0567l5	what artist recorded the album live at the black sheep
www.freebase.com/m/01k0_t0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	the blues collection 5: jungle music  was released on what music type
www.freebase.com/m/019s2q	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bfx49	what film was directed by hal hartley
www.freebase.com/m/02pmy2l	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/supported_storage_types	www.freebase.com/m/0220vm1	what is a supported storage type of canon eos-1d mark iii?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1y1p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of tv program was petite princess yucie
www.freebase.com/m/0jbnwsx	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/023rwm	Who is the producer of storm corrosion (limited edition)?
www.freebase.com/m/0d210t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country is andrea west from
www.freebase.com/m/030zsj	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/05yxcqj	what is pastrami?
www.freebase.com/m/04wc31q	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	What genre of book is peter the great
www.freebase.com/m/0np0lsk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w2wpj	What artist is behind the recording?
www.freebase.com/m/03xyjd7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0827d	What sort of music is featured on the album the compass rose
www.freebase.com/m/0gwj7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is annick smith?
www.freebase.com/m/08dwv4	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0rh72tq	What is the name of a film that was directed by simon starling
www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_form_shape/drugs_with_this_shape	www.freebase.com/m/0hqqbt3	what drug is the shape of a circle?
www.freebase.com/m/029dy9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ysdzt	what is a track name from the the corrs
www.freebase.com/m/018d7s	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/0fbkfw	what is the public broadcasting radio station in mobile, alabama
www.freebase.com/m/027l4_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is Sosthene Yao's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/05564v	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01gbw	which city did peter collinson die
www.freebase.com/m/0yczxc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0380n7_	in which album is touch it featured on
www.freebase.com/m/05c3b2	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01lc5	who is the writer credited for a busy day
www.freebase.com/m/02ylg6	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/025hwq	punch-drunk love was produced by what company?
www.freebase.com/m/0mzml	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmbk6	Name a track by autechre
www.freebase.com/m/0286sck	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	which netflix genre is plaga zombie under
www.freebase.com/m/094w9m	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/019w90	which german electronic music composer is represented by zyx music?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmmjm	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03877	What platform was f-zero: gp legend released on
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09s3pn0	what is the name of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/0dn8lk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hj3myq	what style of film is the poof point in?
www.freebase.com/m/05dqv1_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/03cnqvs	who was the director for the tv show do the right thing
www.freebase.com/m/043m06t	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what is david mcdermott football position
www.freebase.com/m/0ltmh3l	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039ztfs	The release track fantasy is from what
www.freebase.com/m/01026q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cwp91	Who was born in plainview
www.freebase.com/m/0bj0l0p	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was phoenix published
www.freebase.com/m/04wghbr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	what is the book resentment against achievement about
www.freebase.com/m/0zk41b3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what format was boytoy baby released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y_937	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m4g47_	What is a song from dancing with the moon
www.freebase.com/m/06279	www.freebase.com/computer/file_format/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dyhr	what category  is portable network graphics
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0h65cxp	name a 2009 soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/0j8j_2f	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	In what language was eating alabama released?
www.freebase.com/m/057_66	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/026dmn2	what school is a type of public high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0bdh7k	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/013mtx	where did jerry haynes die
www.freebase.com/m/01tts5s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what type of music does anthony acid make 
www.freebase.com/m/0dwtc5p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tbftk	who conducted españa, rhapsody for orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/05cfgk4	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_line/vehicle_types	www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	what type of vehicle is oc transpo route 402?
www.freebase.com/m/02qpyhc	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/019x5q	which industry is schnitzer steel industries in
www.freebase.com/m/01tk73_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is roy book binder's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jsrpy	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/06d6y	who is the father of chris matheson 
www.freebase.com/m/0pl0drc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language is spoken in cadets
www.freebase.com/m/017rp1s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jp563	who is mexico by?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsn9n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the official legal status of lobster 0.1 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/06_l40z	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	What is peters point plantation's architectural style
www.freebase.com/m/0dvx0_w	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0fd9zvp	What's the original version of down in the valley
www.freebase.com/m/0xn661_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	What language was yuyake gumo written in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsmpw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025sf8x	What is an active ingredient moiety of silver nitrate 0.025 liquid
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsyjd	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	douglas fir pollen is classified in what category?
www.freebase.com/m/0lqg4r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/029k55	who sings chets speech, part ii
www.freebase.com/m/03bzsxk	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/05tkm	who was the paul g. allen family foundation named after 
www.freebase.com/m/031c8vy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01ckzt8	what is the name of a track released from shine on
www.freebase.com/m/04j2_hj	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02v4l1	who directed the film titled race against time
www.freebase.com/m/03gc422	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03gc323	What genre of music is teklab.fm?
www.freebase.com/m/0j8pq	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0fv96	what event happened at  gulf of saint lawrence
www.freebase.com/m/0bwljs1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Who is the electronic publisher of the computer game titled mysims skyheroes
www.freebase.com/m/01lrtb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtwqk	what drug contains gentamicin
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/03wpjk	who is an actor
www.freebase.com/m/0_tmj1f	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0x2fg	What was the cause of death of volker kraemer
www.freebase.com/m/0crwvbs	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what genre is always a bridesmaid categorized as
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrs3n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/035wxl	what is the active ingredient in clonazepam 1 tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/02q4rx0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	the book ramuntcho  is what genre
www.freebase.com/m/0421w71	www.freebase.com/aviation/airliner_accident/accident_type	www.freebase.com/m/04gk6_	what types of accident is klm flight 1673
www.freebase.com/m/0rx8y	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the name of the country that franklin is located in
www.freebase.com/m/0g4q133	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what type of film is skateistan: to live and skate kabul
www.freebase.com/m/02vwfsp	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/038psxj	what is a release of framed (album) 
www.freebase.com/m/05p_mdt	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What type of binding was used on the book titled second foundation
www.freebase.com/m/0977sd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/05zpf7g	What series is duke nukem: land of the babes a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0g9xnt3	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01mzsm	Who directed the film the dance of reality?
www.freebase.com/m/026600n	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/03m723d	Which book does slappy the dummy appear in
www.freebase.com/m/04f1m0_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/musical_key	www.freebase.com/m/04jyvd	What is the musical key for symphony no. 1?
www.freebase.com/m/06rfwt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/052p7	where was ruta lee born 
www.freebase.com/m/02p_ml1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what is the genre of the artist longineu w. parsons iii
www.freebase.com/m/05fkxp	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/098cp02	who is the casting director of the almost heroes movie
www.freebase.com/m/09qr9t	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	What language was bashing filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02pk6x	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gx9b5m	which film was written by famke janssen
www.freebase.com/m/01vsb2n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	what genre does mac powell like to perform
www.freebase.com/m/045zbhd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/029_3r	who is the author of the ordeal of thomas hutchinson?
www.freebase.com/m/03g4l9k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	What type of rock is played on otteita tuomari nurmion laulukirjasta
www.freebase.com/m/05f8k62	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02lvdw	where did christophe dupouey die?
www.freebase.com/m/05gnf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/0ch0w6_	what weight loss show is shown on nbc
www.freebase.com/m/03mj0zj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01rq4x	what kind of music is ingenting att förlora
www.freebase.com/m/030nvl	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	what position did craig mactavish play?
www.freebase.com/m/0crt2xj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq229b	to what netflix genre does gamer belong
www.freebase.com/m/08j56l	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country surrounds east stroudsburg university of pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/04w38_f	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09nm_	what is the topic of the surreptitious speech
www.freebase.com/m/0bh0z0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of charles lallemand
www.freebase.com/m/07hjv5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	what is spyridon trikoupis's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0g245p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/047ksr	Which district is sarre in?
www.freebase.com/m/05h47jg	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/01y4gy	which film did gary nelson direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0175k8	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jykrx	who directed dumbo
www.freebase.com/m/0g53_1	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does edmond auger have
www.freebase.com/m/04w38dp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01777d	What was the book figures of several centuries written about
www.freebase.com/m/0r4nr59	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of in the flesh?
www.freebase.com/m/0zjnz5p	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03_zgk	who was the composer for youre not a number
www.freebase.com/m/010qx7g	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01m_v5l	Which artist recorded hide ya face
www.freebase.com/m/025spg	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/080h2	what city is the neighborhood granville island from
www.freebase.com/m/04ldxql	www.freebase.com/base/musiteca/performer/place_of_residence	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	which city does mariana gurkova reside in
www.freebase.com/m/0crw22x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is stepping razor: red x
www.freebase.com/m/0fwvy2j	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in what format was pink floyd en bossa nova released
www.freebase.com/m/0fczm9p	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0flpy	who is the artist behind let the music play
www.freebase.com/m/03b3nf	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05zlxjq	Name a horse trainer. 
www.freebase.com/m/0xjl2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01knssq	what gothic rock albums are there
www.freebase.com/m/0kk53kk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0q14lh	What is a recording of the song pablo picasso?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c0ry_	What is a place in Colorado, united states
www.freebase.com/m/04w2y0t	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	What is the subject of the book from selma to sorrow?
www.freebase.com/m/01531	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03nps74	What parks are in the bronx?
www.freebase.com/m/0g64d05	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	who produced ?
www.freebase.com/m/0h68y49	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	What language is spoken in the movie avana ivan
www.freebase.com/m/01m0hcg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rg4pd	which artist recorded undecided 
www.freebase.com/m/0v9by55	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	what is aleksandr sinyukov's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04gqkc6	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0459z	Author and historian camil mureşanu was influenced by which person?
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03cvz6q	WHat's an example of a black-and-white film
www.freebase.com/m/0477j4	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_7vbtd	What has lloyd cole composed? 
www.freebase.com/m/02_t9c	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is Jay Bell's profession.
www.freebase.com/m/06cq6q	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	Where did paul gerson unna die?
www.freebase.com/m/0263t3x	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/079hx5n	what is the name of an episode of intimate portrait
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0gs53j	Name a documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/010nsq6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is hollywood known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3484t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0v_x	Which concentration camp did rebecca delden-visjager die in
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y3g_q	What's a body that orbit's the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0bxxmt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	Which country is josé gómez ortega from
www.freebase.com/m/01j17xc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is the magic collection
www.freebase.com/m/02ws5h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution_campus/educational_institution	www.freebase.com/m/02ws5h	What school is part of the saint leo university campus
www.freebase.com/m/0wy0ls_	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is the mystery road
www.freebase.com/m/03d0lfr	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	which war did the heatons crossroads take place
www.freebase.com/m/05qhwt	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	shock the monkey is this type of musical content.
www.freebase.com/m/0h3vphc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/038_4_	who discovered (24727) 1991 vd1?
www.freebase.com/m/07s7gk6	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fw_vw9	Name a rap rock album produced by Linkin Park.
www.freebase.com/m/0k_1h	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0dvbwf	Which book is written on the subject of storytelling
www.freebase.com/m/02r1x5j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	what is the main language for farfour
www.freebase.com/m/0tlbm31	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what film genre is david francey: burning bright 
www.freebase.com/m/0fgt_qv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0ml4ncm	What's a track featured on whats the flavor ? : the black mixtape
www.freebase.com/m/076dll	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	Where is laurel located
www.freebase.com/m/03jhkv	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0mtpb	from what midwestern county is william carroll (tennessee politician)
www.freebase.com/m/02r6fj6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chjm	where was charles vanel born
www.freebase.com/m/0lb2lk8	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0slr01	What recording was that track curtains apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/03fz_ym	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01f14l	what genre is the album téo & téa
www.freebase.com/m/027hbx	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/026z8wv	what film did majid majidi direct?
www.freebase.com/m/03d5m8w	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_team/conference	www.freebase.com/m/0kdtf	What conference do the clemson tigers mens basketball play in
www.freebase.com/m/0dd05_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is kunigunda of halych a female or male
www.freebase.com/m/0gkxw0_	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/01sxly	what film did john jympson edit
www.freebase.com/m/0hgrq30	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/017drs	What position does quinn play
www.freebase.com/m/08_xwt	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/05_1xb	Who created the story for hunter?
www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02rwj3_	what is a secondary school in england 
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01r1p2d	What's a band that plays indie rock
www.freebase.com/m/0ftv2bq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqp4f6	which tracks are listed in the release live in a dive!?
www.freebase.com/m/0dyvprq	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0p19t	which artist released the album corridors of blood
www.freebase.com/m/06jlp9v	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What is the literature genre of the tale of one bad rat
www.freebase.com/m/01rgnry	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0k345	real men is what genre of music
www.freebase.com/m/07h2rz	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t4198	what was written by jacquelyn mitchard?
www.freebase.com/m/058xcq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is patricia schroeder's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02hl_0f	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0bwd4m	who developed ncaa football 07
www.freebase.com/m/03xrpl2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is the best of johnny & the hurricanes's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0n49hwz	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position does ramon saro play
www.freebase.com/m/030tjly	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was one house left standing released?
www.freebase.com/m/04t3dwj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What is the subject of the ravenscar dynasty
www.freebase.com/m/043rtr2	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01x689	Who is an entity that was involved in roman–parthian wars
www.freebase.com/m/01vrx3g	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/vocal_range	www.freebase.com/m/0j862	what is levon helm's vocal range 
www.freebase.com/m/03gby3w	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014pg1	Who is an artist of radioio 80s new wave?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0wypghd	Name an album released
www.freebase.com/m/01y888	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hnl	what type of educational institution is university of geneva?
www.freebase.com/m/01vzt_7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	what kind of music does klaus nomi play in?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gny6s	where uses central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0dvkx	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	what even took place on the balearic islands
www.freebase.com/m/04ngj4	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what instrument does andré watts play
www.freebase.com/m/04w6kv9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the secret room about 
www.freebase.com/m/031rk12	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	where was the pulse album released
www.freebase.com/m/012vcd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k338_	what album is by the flying burrito brothers?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2wg9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09s1f	what is the talking from 9 to 5 book about
www.freebase.com/m/02xry	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wg67g	What is the name of a book written about florida?
www.freebase.com/m/0387hl	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/028y09k	what edition does the book queen of angels belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0crs9d4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is america and lewis hine in?
www.freebase.com/m/05vwq6l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01fqm	where was sami michael born
www.freebase.com/m/0dq0d6z	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was my winter storm formatted for release
www.freebase.com/m/027jm6c	www.freebase.com/base/adultentertainment/adult_entertainer/sexual_orientation	www.freebase.com/m/03nh9	what is sakura sakurada's sexual orientation 
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06yl74	who is a former pitcher for the san diego padres?
www.freebase.com/m/03s9b	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/02k_8x6	What is a film directed by ingmar bergman
www.freebase.com/m/09wbv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is freddie prinze originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0_41b5x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hv7l	where is aid sea colony tower 102 located
www.freebase.com/m/06w49h9	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/outflow	www.freebase.com/m/02v_c3y	Which lake does lower buckhorn lake flow into?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmk95	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02qsf95	Who is the game developer for madagascar?
www.freebase.com/m/0v2cc	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02x9yz	Who was berrien springs named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0281r5h	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	where does hristo markov play on the field 
www.freebase.com/m/0c779w	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/color	www.freebase.com/m/04kp0s8	what color is berger picard in 
www.freebase.com/m/02qkx7k	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is warren alfson's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02q5f4d	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0688f	what language is spoken by indian new zealander people
www.freebase.com/m/03l50	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hr7t2	what is the notable type of hermetic order of the golden dawn
www.freebase.com/m/0vt7kdp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/096gm	where is dragoș moștenescu born 
www.freebase.com/m/04gb3q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ghtf	Where is hotel julien dubuque located
www.freebase.com/m/04kp0qh	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/035xn5	What kind of dog has a playful temperament
www.freebase.com/m/07mqv8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was hold that lion! filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mlb63b	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fh4qhx	lost  is a track that is apart of what release album
www.freebase.com/m/0824r	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/084wrp	What locations are in wisconsin
www.freebase.com/m/01tl50z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kinds of music is played by shirley jones
www.freebase.com/m/0zss156	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre of the tv program tatort batu 
www.freebase.com/m/0_3mfvr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06n3y	where is mirante located?
www.freebase.com/m/0n1s41d	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f7ysg	Where did ruth baldor die
www.freebase.com/m/0x953xv	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what region was 1967 released
www.freebase.com/m/068dst	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02xbq_z	what artists are signed with secretly canadian?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2d4z	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kind of film is the captive
www.freebase.com/m/0_r7r_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0281qn_	who is the writer of for what purpose 
www.freebase.com/m/04ydhpp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	what is niyi ogunlana country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/028683q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/09gptj7	Which episode did yves simoneau direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0btvr6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mvxvq	which artist recorded the album eclipse
www.freebase.com/m/01xsbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0fq1yt1	what are names of edward fox's children
www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04jb_k8	name a professional cinematographer.
www.freebase.com/m/065x_3q	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what type of film is the bad boy
www.freebase.com/m/025rzqx	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/01g2q	what is lithium used to treat?
www.freebase.com/m/0pd60ry	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/0983v	What kind of cuisine does abc india make?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0v8_8v7	Name an actor.
www.freebase.com/m/0g5y30	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/03hfttz	which game did aspect develop
www.freebase.com/m/048qbbx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p0fc	Where is dream house acres within the united states
www.freebase.com/m/04lhvxw	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	plugged nickle was an example of what animal?
www.freebase.com/m/04wtk2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is david thomas?
www.freebase.com/m/01p6v9k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0h095	where does ekseption originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0dmkbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nationality is Paul Marquess?
www.freebase.com/m/01hcq8c	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of music does gimme play
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0ff_60	what is a 2006 action game
www.freebase.com/m/08jynr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	what was crow foot's cause of death
www.freebase.com/m/01p7mh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0f8tsmj	What is an album by john eliot gardiner?
www.freebase.com/m/01w2gfz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f75hjl	what track is from steinbrüchel
www.freebase.com/m/0gc72d2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is michalina almindo?
www.freebase.com/m/02q9vw0	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	Name the profession of Pablo Longueria.
www.freebase.com/m/0ffwvjr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dtpm6x	what is the release track on evita
www.freebase.com/m/0hqgnj2	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is a levetiracetam 1000 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/05zjsys	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	fist of the warrior was written and filmed in this language.
www.freebase.com/m/0kv7z7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	alraune is in what language 
www.freebase.com/m/0jmw29b	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is bitter seeds in 
www.freebase.com/m/02z2c6p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/021dsh	what type of music does taktloss create
www.freebase.com/m/0hpyv	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/03cdm5j	what is there to do in burlington
www.freebase.com/m/04vcjqv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0h9jm	who is the author editor of the night land
www.freebase.com/m/09bb_y	www.freebase.com/event/disaster/type_of_disaster	www.freebase.com/m/02_41	what type of event was the early fires of london
www.freebase.com/m/0crs970	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was mulligan in 
www.freebase.com/m/0bc9kp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q9h7tw	who is a track by war of ages
www.freebase.com/m/024rf2p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0flb0wg	What is the album that features locomotive?
www.freebase.com/m/03g9xj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0gjxb_	What's an episode from the tv show smallville
www.freebase.com/m/0tkfb7r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	thomas egan  is of what nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0h2h54f	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02_01w	what is the name of peter fords parent
www.freebase.com/m/0f2jbb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/012gvv	what size is the 1st battalion, georgia cavalry?
www.freebase.com/m/0nbwwmd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dpn9	where was  francisco marán born
www.freebase.com/m/04lhfnw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what type of music does jah jerry haynes play
www.freebase.com/m/01g5h4_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What kind of an album is diner
www.freebase.com/m/024vw9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	what type of music does kevin shields play
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fvjwzj	what is an album with the same name as a color
www.freebase.com/m/0kv1mc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what genre is the film  the lover's gift
www.freebase.com/m/01lc8t9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014fls	which group released the four seasons?
www.freebase.com/m/07t7vr	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	what type of school is north-west university?
www.freebase.com/m/03wm5tr	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kt51	what is a passion for success about?
www.freebase.com/m/04d6thp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album turn it up faggot?
www.freebase.com/m/078_0v	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/0d19y2	which medical condition did robert joffrey have
www.freebase.com/m/04wh39d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0djmp	what is a topic of thermopylae: the battle that changed the world
www.freebase.com/m/01qlryl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what genre of music does tim rogers make
www.freebase.com/m/02t_4n	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jw2hc	Who edited the film capturing the friedmans
www.freebase.com/m/0m37_jy	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03xr0hc	what release is get a job from?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gnzj2	name a comune in central european time zone 
www.freebase.com/m/0fst8lm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which region was rock in the usa released
www.freebase.com/m/0crttq8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0q00t	what kind of special is maz jobrani: brown and friendly
www.freebase.com/m/03dr73	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/042s9	Which religion does bimbisara practice
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0gc6_92	Who is a notable dance-pop artist
www.freebase.com/m/01mrnkk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was no turning back?
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02q0w45	what is a crime fiction film form 1937?
www.freebase.com/m/03q70wz	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04wmf_	Who created the artwork untitled (new york)?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtj2c	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05q1y	what is the active ingredient for oxycodone hydchloride
www.freebase.com/m/047947	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02x4h3	Who was born in moulins, allier
www.freebase.com/m/0ylhh8z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0wq322s	what season did the tv series episode bangkok come from
www.freebase.com/m/02b8dy	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/018l62	which treatment is required of myocarditis
www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w3klx	what books have been written on spain?
www.freebase.com/m/041dqn	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_60sps	what is a composition worked on by alex james (musician)
www.freebase.com/m/03cgx0s	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/078tg	what religion is maulvi tamizuddin khan associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0dqwfcb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What topic is A Nightmare on Elm Street?
www.freebase.com/m/0clvh0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0430_	Where did felix weltsch die?
www.freebase.com/m/04rxzs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06k5_	what was ajay piramal's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0gj70x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	in what region of Italy is pantigliate located
www.freebase.com/m/09fj4fr	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/02rx2m5	what film set did danielle berman design
www.freebase.com/m/03hb_9	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_creator/characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0fl9gg	which comic book character did larry lieber create?
www.freebase.com/m/0zxfqfx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fdp85	what music genre is still here
www.freebase.com/m/0280ng5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the film dali & i: the surreal story
www.freebase.com/m/0ffjjz	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is spoken in belgian american
www.freebase.com/m/03c_r3z	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film death ship in
www.freebase.com/m/02rdg9w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	Who is rick mcnair
www.freebase.com/m/03y7jss	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	around which main star does 8421 montanari move
www.freebase.com/m/0gvr1ps	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/077qn	What is vanja radinović's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0_tlpnx	who is an artist that creates photography?
www.freebase.com/m/03mw37	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01h86n0	What is a release jerry wexler produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_g2	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfs8p	What stations play bon jovi
www.freebase.com/m/02pj813	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/027f42y	Who wrote the film city of joy?
www.freebase.com/m/04tzz2k	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0h0p_	Who edited the book the pothunters
www.freebase.com/m/02q83d	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architecture_firm	www.freebase.com/m/02hvhk8	which architecture firm made 25 bank street
www.freebase.com/m/0g_0ff	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/04_bsn_	What exactly is camp forrest 
www.freebase.com/m/05f449w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f_5qf	where was billy fitchford born?
www.freebase.com/m/03dv379	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fkh6	Which county is 12549 located in
www.freebase.com/m/015vgc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0f8_tg	what is the name of a Indian carnatic music singer
www.freebase.com/m/043n0_3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/02d13t	Who designed pokémon platinum?
www.freebase.com/m/08jwz5	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/09jyp	Who is the author of the book the hill of dreams
www.freebase.com/m/0215z8	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	Where was rogers cable founded
www.freebase.com/m/04gsth2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/09s02	What language was dakshayagnam filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/05_h7	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0g84mt	What's a disease that can be treated with physical therapy
www.freebase.com/m/061x7_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what genre of book is arrows of the queen written in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c01dx5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where in europe was denis delestrac's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/025j3h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0vxm23n	name a person who was born in drumheller, alberta.
www.freebase.com/m/06rp_b	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what did peter cornelius do as an occupation 
www.freebase.com/m/013pjdv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09lwlk	which artist recorded nineveh
www.freebase.com/m/06l3bl	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gnkb	Name a 1936 epic film 
www.freebase.com/m/0c4mcp	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06tlfm4	Who was the executive producer of the number 23?
www.freebase.com/m/07gkcf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	the film mom and dad is what genre? 
www.freebase.com/m/026l6f2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where was jérémie elkaïm born?
www.freebase.com/m/01wdzm_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j6g9q	what album is edith piaf the artist
www.freebase.com/m/03dpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rnbg3	what is a track that gilbert and sullivan performed
www.freebase.com/m/02r0kkw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what country produced the film la stanza del vescovo
www.freebase.com/m/07srw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0clw87c	what school can be found in utah
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmnb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/04g61	earth & water  was a film in what country
www.freebase.com/m/08sjv_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/021ynmx	what is gamma cassiopeiae
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0h7w_n	whose visual art form consists of painting
www.freebase.com/m/01mtxl	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/012c1l	what is la bolduc's ethnicity  
www.freebase.com/m/0hqq7lz	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what is the shape of aspirin 81 chewable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0598k3n	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What medium of art is the escape of rochefort depicted through?
www.freebase.com/m/01x4x4	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline_alliance/member_airlines	www.freebase.com/m/01qysh	with what member airline does skyteam have an alliance?
www.freebase.com/m/0f7sv68	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mhc0w2	What's a track off dinner at eight
www.freebase.com/m/063tn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g3jcn	what albums are by pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky
www.freebase.com/m/04gpn3x	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0q_06_j	how many episodes aired for battle of the brains
www.freebase.com/m/03czbyd	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is the eternal lover
www.freebase.com/m/0ks957	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is fred thomson's career?
www.freebase.com/m/025y9fn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/051czxw	what episode was directed by david nutter?
www.freebase.com/m/0m4_9ln	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03_0wb7	what release did the invasion come from
www.freebase.com/m/030_kg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	The nationality of Rabbi norman lamm is what?
www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0k2l_rr	Who is a funk artist
www.freebase.com/m/038k0g	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is david gilmour in concert?
www.freebase.com/m/05cdcg	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0144l1	What artist released the iron man: the musical by pete townshend?
www.freebase.com/m/056j009	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01d63g	Who produced uncle jaspers will
www.freebase.com/m/0878xb	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxf	What constellation is the star lambda aquarii in
www.freebase.com/m/04f5fz0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fn_m	What south american city did saro vera die in
www.freebase.com/m/03y9b30	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0ywpg	where did the battle of the afsluitdijk take place
www.freebase.com/m/026mlv	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper_owner/newspapers_owned	www.freebase.com/m/01f5vg	which newspaper is owned by sanoma oyj
www.freebase.com/m/01r9kbp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	what type of music is godthelux
www.freebase.com/m/066023d	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was die you zombie bastards! filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/047d0m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	which city did cecil purdy die
www.freebase.com/m/013q07	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jtv49	Who produced the movie austin powers: goldmember
www.freebase.com/m/04t0zcs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/08pz7s	who authored the book courage of falcons
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j0k9w	what is the tittle of a western (genre) movie on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04dsnp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is sicko?
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/047ql19	who is an african american porn star
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gm2nb	What's a commune located in italy
www.freebase.com/m/03m4c46	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d117	where did rené-jean jacquet die
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/04jnd16	What is the name of a film that takes place during world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/08k5jg	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0rgcs33	Name a person of the navajo people
www.freebase.com/m/059wk	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/05zs0f	what games have been produced by nintendo?
www.freebase.com/m/07pg24	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	what publisher is responsible for sigma star saga
www.freebase.com/m/0kn7r8z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/014v2w6	which song is part of being with you
www.freebase.com/m/0clw0w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	which state is pike county joint vocational school district located 
www.freebase.com/m/0vgxm0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fhsmhx	which movie soundtrack did honor him come off of 
www.freebase.com/m/02hk0x8	www.freebase.com/common/document/replies	www.freebase.com/m/02nxs4d	which song is part of classical music
www.freebase.com/m/0k0k200	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where was sadie harris born?
www.freebase.com/m/01pclq2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what types of music is live at the wetlands
www.freebase.com/m/04wffpt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02vvz9n	who is the author of the runaways
www.freebase.com/m/01vvy	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h81j	Which Russian composer did claude debussy influence?
www.freebase.com/m/0k2m3z2	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/05rksy	which sectors does the organization pétrus services?
www.freebase.com/m/0cr_hhp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was phoenix filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/01hhdlg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Is the best of cold chillin’ an ep or an album
www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/09v5bk0	Name a place in south africa.
www.freebase.com/m/0j67plv	www.freebase.com/automotive/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/024br0	what is a model of lotus?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyqwlh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	which type of game is fim speedway grand prix 3
www.freebase.com/m/05vmy6l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where in europe was robin griffith-jones born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0b15rr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0125ny	where is mungrisdale common located
www.freebase.com/m/04w823v	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	What kind of book is the christmas marriage mission?
www.freebase.com/m/0_r7c8z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is christopher north male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01j15x_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what type of music is laugh? i nearly bought one! considered
www.freebase.com/m/03s5t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048_ctw	what is a city in idaho
www.freebase.com/m/05zxcg_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/017cjb	Where is frank watkin's location of death?
www.freebase.com/m/012j85	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country was the gospel according to st. matthew filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0g2jxz9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What can roll over beethoven be considered?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6c_fm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where in california did stephen morehouse avery die
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5wws	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/04pk_p	who was the music producer for the release can't be tamed
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0345_	what location is in the north american central time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/01hn07k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	What kind of music does the album goats head soup exhibit
www.freebase.com/m/071bh1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	What sort of music is featured on echo the moon
www.freebase.com/m/0g1bk69	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0fqbyz0	what artist recorded o sole mio?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/099cm0	which animated fantasy show was released in 1980s by nbc?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	www.freebase.com/film/film_format/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0gsxy13	what is a film made with 35 mm film
www.freebase.com/m/0c1tl	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02rxj	whats the religion of  catherine i of russia
www.freebase.com/m/02lmxj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03m8tfp	Who was born in cavite city
www.freebase.com/m/03mdk5	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02qndh2	what is a film by shyam benegal
www.freebase.com/m/0g6wb5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0dn8b	Which county contains the hammond-harwood house?
www.freebase.com/m/0mhncqt	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f8h9bh	The song santa claus is coming to town is from which release
www.freebase.com/m/0155w	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/030dgn	what artist performs in the genre blues?
www.freebase.com/m/027njxp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/022tfrk	is leonty (turkevich) alive or dead?
www.freebase.com/m/0w_dvcm	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	What is stefano mondini's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cn_nky	What's an example of a jazz album
www.freebase.com/m/01mm062	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06tgw	where was maryam mursal born
www.freebase.com/m/04306ql	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	What is the occupation of fictional character toulouse-lautrec?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_7274	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	where was myers colvin born?
www.freebase.com/m/0w1qtpz	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hxc3j	which eastern european language was the bet filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/07vr12	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the fiend who walked the west spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0cgr77n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is samantha culp's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/06_x7kt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	What type of university is kalaivani college of technology?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbgh7w	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was langrisser ii released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxstby	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0263pzq	Who is the artist of the recording amore splendida luce?
www.freebase.com/m/05vby9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is spoken in dragon ball z: super android 13!
www.freebase.com/m/038g78p	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the physical format of the release all in hand?
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hcxrx	what is the title of a  progressive rock album
www.freebase.com/m/01vr7vz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dv48lm	what track was recorded by bix beiderbecke and his gang
www.freebase.com/m/0crt_z6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What film genre is hello lonesome?
www.freebase.com/m/07lznt	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0gjkl	What industry is chopard a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/08vyd3	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/099sl	what civilization was involved in  battle of lake vadimo
www.freebase.com/m/0119xg	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is  pella in
www.freebase.com/m/04w8w8v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01f3nh	Who was the author of the written work fasting and eating for health
www.freebase.com/m/01phhd5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was kristythirsk born
www.freebase.com/m/0bdpc_g	www.freebase.com/travel/accommodation/features	www.freebase.com/m/07xyvk	Name an accommodation feature found in the Sheraton Keauhou Bay Resort & Spa
www.freebase.com/m/0bs69dt	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the greenhornes released 
www.freebase.com/m/03q90p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what nationality does john hodge belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02hx6sb	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/07z5n	what country is the akei language spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/0bh9zhl	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_w5q	Name the location where konrad hupfer died
www.freebase.com/m/03qmm4j	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/02wvsdl	what kind of music does wcfm play 
www.freebase.com/m/058xfw	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	What region is russian sign language used in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_jz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01qwgy	What is the active ingredient in ammonium chloride
www.freebase.com/m/05f30xk	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what soccer position does vadym rybalchenko play
www.freebase.com/m/09r6lg	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04h9h	What is a language of the film into great silence?
www.freebase.com/m/04f_j61	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023lrv	who released the album the time machine tour?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jn4xd	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02k2s_	which american jazz drummer composed the song open?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0521798	what is the name of the live solo piano jazz album 
www.freebase.com/m/01x4b8	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/039sxj	what movie was directed by oskar fischinger
www.freebase.com/m/052008y	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05b11ck	who directed the film chetna?
www.freebase.com/m/04n6fw9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	what nationality does serhat koç belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0264_9w	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/01zj6b	what conflict did  vitaly primakov participate in
www.freebase.com/m/0chgpq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where did jacqueline pascarl's life begin
www.freebase.com/m/045ft0	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what world war was lyudmila pavlichenko involved in
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs7sn	Name a topical medicine
www.freebase.com/m/0l628vt	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0n6ss4	Name the release track on the musical recording birmingham.
www.freebase.com/m/0nl9gf6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f8rw	which artist sang tokyo?
www.freebase.com/m/01sbkqc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what genre does phelan sheppard make
www.freebase.com/m/05zm55y	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h81j93	Who edited the film titled seshu
www.freebase.com/m/01hlj0	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04lgdss	what event occurred in  new territories
www.freebase.com/m/02r1dr7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the movie slicked-up pup
www.freebase.com/m/08b43	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t10r8	What is the name of a book that talks about the 21st century
www.freebase.com/m/026ywfp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where does cara lockwood claim nationality from?
www.freebase.com/m/04vfj5f	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	in what format is the daisy fay and the miracle man book released
www.freebase.com/m/0crrq8s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	roswell: the ufo uncover-up is what genre of film? 
www.freebase.com/m/0vb9sbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02cg9k	who is a child of arthur bari
www.freebase.com/m/07jnq6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is the color of brescia university
www.freebase.com/m/01g1r1q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190yn	what genre of music is the album riddim driven: x5 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/049_7_2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0njx4	Where is tioga located?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyx1t9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	which observatory was (10056) 1988 bx3 discovered at
www.freebase.com/m/0t1wb8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is hooked
www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/06gpgj	what is a type of cvg sports game
www.freebase.com/m/01rnsxz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02w1h8f	which album is created by nepal
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nj1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/05sqgd7	what is the name of a woman that is also the title of a netflix french movie?
www.freebase.com/m/02rxh5f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is dario bonetti male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/0100fl7	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/01137l4	what is the version of the single colors?
www.freebase.com/m/02bhy_	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/05kr_	In what area does the the brampton guardian newspaper circulate
www.freebase.com/m/08t9wc	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What kind of film is wallace and gromits cracking contraptions?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zpmtxc	what is a song?
www.freebase.com/m/0c6srxx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01snpy	Where was angelika von fritsch born
www.freebase.com/m/01n12g	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/automotive_class	www.freebase.com/m/01d1dj	what model is the fiat 128?
www.freebase.com/m/02r0rh8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	which type of film is qila
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0qps5cq	Name an animation film.
www.freebase.com/m/04dcp6	www.freebase.com/food/dish/ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/045fbf	what is an ingredient in the dish hainanese chicken rice
www.freebase.com/m/07f8p4	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0cfdd	what instrument does jonah matranga play 
www.freebase.com/m/01wf1r3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pgg4q	which track was created by engelbert humperdinck
www.freebase.com/m/01540h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/014qkhg	what tracks are from philharmonia orchestra?
www.freebase.com/m/059t01	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0290qdd	What is a work written by jon katz?
www.freebase.com/m/0lyhg6x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fjq8r	What's a release from jojo
www.freebase.com/m/09r8l	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does waylon jennings play
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04ygyhq	what artists are included when discussing rock and roll
www.freebase.com/m/01r79m2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01r79kg	What is the name of an album by marathon?
www.freebase.com/m/0qsmz4w	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/051yhl_	what film was richard harris the cinematographer for
www.freebase.com/m/01j5_r2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What is the genre of the album winter harvest
www.freebase.com/m/03gr8ds	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position did levon stepanyan play?
www.freebase.com/m/01ym9b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01wmns3	who is a downtempo artist who has worked on hollywood films 
www.freebase.com/m/027024v	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	What is Bill Mcdonald's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/023ffjy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pk7bl	who is the artist on the recording free
www.freebase.com/m/01qmsd	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0mgh6	which group was involved in the second battle of st albans
www.freebase.com/m/0gyrycw	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	which state held first texas navy
www.freebase.com/m/03gmc2r	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0q8r	Who was a parent of william wallace
www.freebase.com/m/01mv2p4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is the adventures of robin hood
www.freebase.com/m/07c52z	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/02r5gpq	which maker contains chrysler aspen
www.freebase.com/m/0wyxjg4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is kara taylor's profession
www.freebase.com/m/01nqcqp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0v33tcx	What is a track featured on the album for madmen only
www.freebase.com/m/05y01tf	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	what is harold jenkins's profession in literature?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bbv4h2	Who was a goalkeeper in football
www.freebase.com/m/02pmhlx	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0133gf	who recorded the album bobby
www.freebase.com/m/080s4n	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/09ymx4	WHo published 
www.freebase.com/m/0wyzd18	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/047sxrj	what female rap artist was featured in  all i do is win (remix)
www.freebase.com/m/0bqy5d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is nelly arcan gender
www.freebase.com/m/0q65q74	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0qdc3ml	What recording includes the track georgia
www.freebase.com/m/09jg8	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/includes_diseases	www.freebase.com/m/0167bx	what is one type of hepatitis 
www.freebase.com/m/07fd_8	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/048n7	what war was mitchell paige in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzhpcd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format is everyman available on
www.freebase.com/m/06db9k	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what is roscoe lee browne's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0h99n	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/0fgg4	who is someone famous with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
www.freebase.com/m/030xlnc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kvwb70	What's a track from blame the world
www.freebase.com/m/0bytfv	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/06w4tm0	what movie contains costume designed by ann roth
www.freebase.com/m/0ds9vcg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	what is the origin of t-max
www.freebase.com/m/03xtshx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which north american region is things i left behind released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bfl2g4	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/047bsg	who produced down to earth
www.freebase.com/m/02w5vmk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0162b	Where is comilla university found
www.freebase.com/m/02r8llb	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	Which position did fritz herkenrath play?
www.freebase.com/m/0nc_ylq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	what position does samuel radlinger play?
www.freebase.com/m/012ts	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027kwld	who was born in auckland?
www.freebase.com/m/01vtw8_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01v1d8	Which instrument did dantheautomator play?
www.freebase.com/m/05cv4m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	Where did rowland hussey macy perish
www.freebase.com/m/03y7wc9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 6107 osterbrock orbit around
www.freebase.com/m/0f6v1z3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rs0j_z	What is a track from the recording murder
www.freebase.com/m/01wtl2_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	what type of music is henrik danhage?
www.freebase.com/m/04t171r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/072ql8	who wrote lord of the libraries
www.freebase.com/m/0c5rgsv	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was the book edition north america published
www.freebase.com/m/0cp7t_	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0d4gz4	What film has mark goldblatt listed as editor?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0kn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02fsw8	whats a region located in  georgia
www.freebase.com/m/06vbd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j7kwn7	Name someone born in syria
www.freebase.com/m/0gjbf_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is frederick campling?
www.freebase.com/m/082nw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0chhn2	What is an attraction in wallis and futuna
www.freebase.com/m/0mxwr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05p3swp	What airport can be found in mayes county?
www.freebase.com/m/0740gt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0c5sqf	what is a korean drama?
www.freebase.com/m/01k4w4m	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zk878l	what album did the omni trio compose 
www.freebase.com/m/03hfttz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01cmjn	who developed the computer videogame fatal fury special
www.freebase.com/m/04c2xqy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mny8	what county and state is turnbull located in
www.freebase.com/m/092s6g	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/052t3yh	what did judith leyster create
www.freebase.com/m/02z729s	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/075wx89	what movie was adapted from the book breaking dawn
www.freebase.com/m/03mgm2	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03d075h	who edited the film 1492 conquest of paradise?
www.freebase.com/m/0fv6x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02l231	Where is laibach (band) from?
www.freebase.com/m/01hfy06	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	which album is peter green's fleetwood mac associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0gg6w_q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	what type of music does king krule make?
www.freebase.com/m/0crry8k	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0121sr	in what netflix genre is the title muthi uchero manas
www.freebase.com/m/0tczw	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nnry	what county is  mount washington apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0np4rfb	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of musical composition is the super hits
www.freebase.com/m/0dl3wjf	www.freebase.com/award/competition/instance_of_recurring_competition	www.freebase.com/m/047d4bz	What is the name of a recurring competition that contains the totally, totally inappropriate competition
www.freebase.com/m/0gdtdld	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0gf5z95	what album was eclipse released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrj8f	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is hydrocortisone 1.667 enema
www.freebase.com/m/0502pc	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07kfmrx	the film fresh horses  was produced by who
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs8q0	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/04mdzq	what is the main component of cephalexin 250 soluable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/019419	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	Which profession is jules ferry known for pursuing
www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pmp6q	Name a single
www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0fvv31	what is an example of a secondary school?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxnxpq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fn3srh	what is the release track on scarecrow
www.freebase.com/m/0sg5n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	in which state is port byron located
www.freebase.com/m/0w2ht7w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is charlotte menke gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0126t5	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01jnyc	which artists play instrumental rock?
www.freebase.com/m/02vzzv	www.freebase.com/media_common/media_genre/parent_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what is urban fantasy
www.freebase.com/m/0301g2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07tp2	What is james wapakhabulo's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02m7tn	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06rq2l	Who produced the film eight crazy nights?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7y9xg	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03hzkq	who directed the movie naanal
www.freebase.com/m/01jd9_t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	Which release type was american poet released as
www.freebase.com/m/0hqx15j	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02qvz	name an active moieties of glycerin/alcohol/glyceryl monostearate 
www.freebase.com/m/0gy0h8n	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03c0whc	who produced the film ek tho chance
www.freebase.com/m/01s540	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07_pf	which italian city was alessandro marcello born in
www.freebase.com/m/069bdw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	What type of music genre is the wayward sons of mother earth
www.freebase.com/m/03d1ss0	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0qc3r	Where is well-fm broadcasted?
www.freebase.com/m/0b__gg7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/07q23p	who was one of the founders of the avex group
www.freebase.com/m/06y9lr9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/06y9llk	which tv series does johnny cash belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04f7jms	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01rs2k	who was the lyricist behind symptom of the universe
www.freebase.com/m/01wmzdf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01ndyr	What is the origin of the artist mathias nygård
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01rh324	Who is a psychedelic rock artist?
www.freebase.com/m/05dqh_z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/05dqh_w	what was the previous episode to reunion
www.freebase.com/m/0386lqq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lm2ddj	What track is featured on o céu pode esperar
www.freebase.com/m/0b70n8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	what type of music is played by the evereve band
www.freebase.com/m/0d9d4k	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	What is lena burke from
www.freebase.com/m/0gj4rl3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	What language is spoken in facing up
www.freebase.com/m/0nnkp3n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0zxs8nh	What song is dear john a recording of
www.freebase.com/m/0dx8g86	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fl3	Who recorded the song hawaii?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxcj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what are lewis-clark state college's school colors
www.freebase.com/m/04t0d92	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	What's a topic discussed in lost city of the kalahari
www.freebase.com/m/0fsx8mx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	What style of music does the prime movers record?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5vks	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/075_t2	what city is noor mahal in
www.freebase.com/m/04f4r23	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What football position does Mykola Fedorenko play?
www.freebase.com/m/0341m3	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0cs_hs	what's an example of hindu temple architecture
www.freebase.com/m/0fl363	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is michael leighton's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01vsqvs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_5bzt8	what is the name of one of nico's songs
www.freebase.com/m/09y2k2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/06gqcgh	What's a book written about italian cuisine
www.freebase.com/m/0crtkrn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	What country is fuerza maldita from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hzbffx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/012rng	who directed the movie the judy garland show
www.freebase.com/m/0279d4l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was richard murrian born in
www.freebase.com/m/0mpk4	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the second level division that essex county is in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hsn4g	www.freebase.com/internet/website_status/sites	www.freebase.com/m/09pzmz	Name an active website
www.freebase.com/m/01g7327	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release is songbook: chico buarque, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/05q_xc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which type of star system is (68950) 2002 qf15
www.freebase.com/m/01nkbv7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what genre of music does the artist cedella booker belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/029xbk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cf93	What label is vitamin c signed to?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqst6d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/025s7x6	What is the active ingredient in neuragen pn?
www.freebase.com/m/02vvgl7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04t061	what label does the artist arthur louis belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0dv5jhs	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is blues kingpins (made in mississippi)
www.freebase.com/m/023wwb	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	which city was ralphs founded
www.freebase.com/m/0g3jrr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qcdps	which estonian band produced the album paris?
www.freebase.com/m/01mvxh5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is passage in time
www.freebase.com/m/01jj1rm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what album content type is arena concerto
www.freebase.com/m/088b96	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/0277vhg	what book does cassie (animorphs) appear in
www.freebase.com/m/02q2t86	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was zoom and bored filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/025y0sb	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/0767wr8	What is a school within the boston public schools district?
www.freebase.com/m/0vscng3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01k_f2	who composed time is time
www.freebase.com/m/0ky0n1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kx047	What band released the album "we want billy!"?
www.freebase.com/m/0rpq2tz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does elroy schwartz identify as?
www.freebase.com/m/0286_22	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01_fwh	who wrote the magic school bus in the time of the dinosaurs
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dnsd7s	what is a compilation album 
www.freebase.com/m/0bh8w8h	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01z77k	what kind of show was licence to drill
www.freebase.com/m/0kyml01	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02g5v2	what is the producer of the shrek game
www.freebase.com/m/0jwtn_2	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	Name one language the Dutch film the girl and death was filmed in? 
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01w2zrd	Who is a popular bass guitar player
www.freebase.com/m/0xfpm2p	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0xm8lnk	which recording included the track shadows and fog
www.freebase.com/m/0dfz0qt	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is bye bye now?
www.freebase.com/m/02frhbc	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0f22hs	what neighborhood is in portland
www.freebase.com/m/0y5mk99	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where was giacinto bonacquisti born in?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9qsb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	Where was the American actor brian anthony wilson born
www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dqlw85	which italian dj plays house music?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0hgq0p0	whats the name of an indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/01l3qrd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	which genre does neal schon perform 
www.freebase.com/m/04_r_b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0188f6	where is langesund?
www.freebase.com/m/06w92	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cxlvb	which town is located in sicily
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05dhfp	Defender is a football position played by who?
www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0cc7ygk	Name a popular racing game for the Xbox.
www.freebase.com/m/0dy20b3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What is the type of album that tff rudolstadt 2008 is?
www.freebase.com/m/012_6c	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0dpcjcc	what tracks has smokey robinson produced
www.freebase.com/m/04wdxjs	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	What type of book is last call lp?
www.freebase.com/m/0264hjr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/06v99d	Who created magpakailanman
www.freebase.com/m/0nlb4g_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03xnr3r	Which artist recorded no turning back
www.freebase.com/m/05zn_31	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	Which country is the film de zwarte ruiter from?
www.freebase.com/m/07nnf_g	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	which netflix genre does the film heart of the warrior belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0ws3tnc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nation is met salih from?
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rwcww	what is the name of a blues-rock album
www.freebase.com/m/04ymbgm	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01nrmr	who is the author of artemis fowl (auf deutsch)
www.freebase.com/m/0fzdhgv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03xpj4z	Who is the artist of the album christmas?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjqd5	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of red skull?
www.freebase.com/m/085ztq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is the nationality of amy jenkins?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxkkd	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	What is the yansi language a type of
www.freebase.com/m/0_7btm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02wh45	Who is the artist that created santa clasue is comin' to town
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0ds0m65	What's a compilation album written by alan jackson
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0n5vmjt	What was a studio album recording for Arcángel
www.freebase.com/m/03jhcx	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/02r5gpq	who is the maker of the shelby charger
www.freebase.com/m/0sgxzm_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is ...ya know? from
www.freebase.com/m/07s5ms	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0cgr8wk	Which film did nitin sawhney musically contribute to?
www.freebase.com/m/08w0y41	www.freebase.com/type/object/permission	www.freebase.com/m/08z7qs3	who gave permission to mamma mia!
www.freebase.com/m/026ywh1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what is vicky jewson's job?
www.freebase.com/m/01ysq9	www.freebase.com/base/litcentral/focal_taxa/conservation_projects	www.freebase.com/m/04sg48r	The eastern whip-poor-will is preserved through what?
www.freebase.com/m/07bbw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ly8rh	What is a speed metal genre album?
www.freebase.com/m/0skkj4c	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was california released in
www.freebase.com/m/02z0p29	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	name vasan sitthiket's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0g75jx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what classification is the tv program jekyll
www.freebase.com/m/0295sy	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprc8	what kind of film rating does hook have?
www.freebase.com/m/027vtgl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04cxd5	which artist created the album here are the young moderns
www.freebase.com/m/0lyxmdh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	which east coast city was eddie kilenyi born in
www.freebase.com/m/0crcvcd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	The genre of the album anugerah aidilfitri is?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8__9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d04z6	Which country is the juan gualberto gómez airport located in
www.freebase.com/m/0y30tx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fx74jn	What's a song featured on devil in disguise
www.freebase.com/m/0x14lzn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What is the language used in the film motivational growth
www.freebase.com/m/0x2jd	www.freebase.com/law/court/legal_cases	www.freebase.com/m/0dkmf0	What is a legal case from the supreme court of canada
www.freebase.com/m/0cgm9	www.freebase.com/royalty/kingdom/rulers	www.freebase.com/m/01n51y	who was the ruler of moldavia from 1457 and 1504
www.freebase.com/m/025smw0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what genre is the computer game hanjuku hero
www.freebase.com/m/01z747	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0cbxwp	What's a text based multiplayer game
www.freebase.com/m/04lt2z	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	what position does johnny temple play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/07hwkr	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/05tll4	who is a white american writer 
www.freebase.com/m/03gw_m1	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/029g_vk	What type of business is Bond Wireless?
www.freebase.com/m/03lhtf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What genre would 4d man fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtcyx	titanium dioxide is the active ingredient in what medicine?
www.freebase.com/m/01znmc	www.freebase.com/base/saints/saint/venerated_in	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	which religion is moses the black a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gmlcgr	what is the name of a 1992 short film
www.freebase.com/m/0175zz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0520b6	name an artist under the dream pop genre.
www.freebase.com/m/0fm7jjs	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qll_n	what track spawned from shihad
www.freebase.com/m/05mzrpv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f1cs6	What band recorded common struggles
www.freebase.com/m/03y0sd_	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/013pf1	which female painter was 30788 angekauffmann named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0gkd02	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	what universe does ghost maker appear in 
www.freebase.com/m/04jpbx	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war was william charles fuller in
www.freebase.com/m/0bsf3q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0ldpy	what topic is discussed in revenge of the wannabes
www.freebase.com/m/01hr64g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music is the trinity session
www.freebase.com/m/0412w9b	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/085wqm	which films did marc abraham produce
www.freebase.com/m/0900vc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	what subject is the tenth man based on
www.freebase.com/m/059pvd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/0b2_xp	Who wrote the episode treehouse of horror iii?
www.freebase.com/m/01hkdfz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What genre is the album rock in a hard place?
www.freebase.com/m/04jjk0g	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position is yoshihiro natsuka known for playing
www.freebase.com/m/04t0j35	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	what is the subject of creating affluence?
www.freebase.com/m/0tnw8dg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0tq7gb3	What recording was released on the track whatever it takes
www.freebase.com/m/07ghq	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/03_gd	the terminator was written by who?
www.freebase.com/m/0ks4py	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06f9d62	What has jon robin baitz written?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fx5tz2	which albums were released by deep purple?
www.freebase.com/m/09rhxhr	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/03hkch7	bill groom did production design for this acclaimed film. 
www.freebase.com/m/03m4fv4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/094vy	Where did r. e. b. crompton die
www.freebase.com/m/076ccf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01279v	where is cloughjordan located
www.freebase.com/m/05mrq25	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position does hartmut konschal play in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/0lsvcn3	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	Which position does cordarro law play
www.freebase.com/m/027f_b	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_body/jurisdiction	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	what jurisdiction does texas legislature govern
www.freebase.com/m/0pcv3d7	www.freebase.com/award/competition/competitors	www.freebase.com/m/02vwjsl	what participated in dancing with the stars - season 16?
www.freebase.com/m/0d3mnh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does  artur voskanyan play
www.freebase.com/m/0j28b8q	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/075t9	where did 2011–12 strait of hormuz dispute occur
www.freebase.com/m/0wl5f5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p9xh8	What artist recorded catching feelings
www.freebase.com/m/02kz_	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/041mt	which novelist admired ernest hemingway?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4ng_g	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the your thrift habits movie produced
www.freebase.com/m/0k_mc_	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01p970	which music instrument is played by kishan maharaj
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtgw8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in which form was jerusalem album presented
www.freebase.com/m/0cpg0f2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/02p27x5	what did kama  do as a career 
www.freebase.com/m/02gpsh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01773g	What is tristania's origin?
www.freebase.com/m/01sr96	www.freebase.com/travel/guidebook/travel_destinations_covered	www.freebase.com/m/07kf6dp	what travel destination does leiria talk about?
www.freebase.com/m/04xj92n	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/046nhk	who was the author editor for the book nevada?
www.freebase.com/m/0rlxy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	what surrounds astatula
www.freebase.com/m/080cxv6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what country does ayumi takano declare nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0g7yh6g	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is itunes live from soho
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/011z3g	what is a popular pop rock band
www.freebase.com/m/0dc32	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	What is the ethnicity of robert walpole
www.freebase.com/m/0n9gcmd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what does dan osborn do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/09xy5s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is sign 'o' the times
www.freebase.com/m/03m7bhl	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	which martial art sport does elvis yero play in?
www.freebase.com/m/0416rth	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What type of fiction is kinsmen of the dragon
www.freebase.com/m/02wb6yq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	where did demi lovato originate from
www.freebase.com/m/01xyqk	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p1rnf	what's the name of an indian folk group signed to verve music group
www.freebase.com/m/04v36d	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0310dp	what area does kdwn play for
www.freebase.com/m/01q0xfn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is peace between nations
www.freebase.com/m/027xgbg	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/0dn7v	what kind of martial arts did 木村 英樹 practice?
www.freebase.com/m/01jc2zz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07h76	which rock band released crucial music: the clash collection
www.freebase.com/m/0mn0v	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02_37z	What time zone is virginia beach, virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/0cfhsm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used by fade
www.freebase.com/m/0zk9fxf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was echoplex composed in
www.freebase.com/m/0bv8fn	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is the film the new barbarians in?
www.freebase.com/m/01jgbdh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is in busted
www.freebase.com/m/02vpvcs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05dq10z	what is one the episodes directed by matt reeves
www.freebase.com/m/024rgt	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/02ylg6	new line cinema is  where this romantic-comedy was filmed
www.freebase.com/m/06dnpv	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What kind of book is the dark portal
www.freebase.com/m/04xvn3	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03c6lt	what film was worked on by kazuaki kiriya
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gfm9ng	which film is in the short film genre
www.freebase.com/m/02s1mn	www.freebase.com/royalty/royal_line/monarchs_from_this_line	www.freebase.com/m/03q_76	Whats the name of a monarch from the house of wessex
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fwtbs	What is the name of a notable progressive rock album
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0ch3tfl	what solar system was named after a student
www.freebase.com/m/03yg410	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of object is 8660 sano?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhjd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b07dw	what is contained in the location koochiching county?
www.freebase.com/m/0q2lp81	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of kevin j. walsh?
www.freebase.com/m/02ym_t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv96g	what is the active ingredient of the drug dofetilide?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddb60x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050ks	what state is dimillos floating restaurant in?
www.freebase.com/m/02z0f0r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what music genre is rattlesnakes
www.freebase.com/m/01kcp55	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	what genre is earth, wind & fire
www.freebase.com/m/02hlqpd	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/021gk7	Who developed autoduel?
www.freebase.com/m/01v45dn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fs4q6w	What's a song written by kathy sledge
www.freebase.com/m/0b93x9	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02wz52	Where is murr river located?
www.freebase.com/m/0hfk1	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/type_of_place_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/04_xn	what type temple is al-aqsa mosque
www.freebase.com/m/027vfb_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gives tolly burkan his or her nationality
www.freebase.com/m/01kfg8b	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was s.r.v. released
www.freebase.com/m/02p6_g	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/042rx6	Who was influenced by n.c. wyeth?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01f9064	What is the name of a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/089b9	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hmk8_	What's a game on zx spectrum
www.freebase.com/m/04wj26v	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05b1j	What is the subject of the book music therapy and neurological rehabilitation
www.freebase.com/m/0ljtk2y	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037lvvm	what release is jerusalem in?
www.freebase.com/m/01wyzsz	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01m71t8	Who produced channel 7?
www.freebase.com/m/0ddd08p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of richard hatem?
www.freebase.com/m/04xr2c0	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/075nw5c	Who published the book "history"?
www.freebase.com/m/0qtpnsk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is rose dampier's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03fjpc7	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is keeping the legend alive released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03j69g	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/0h3r1	what did alexander butlerov invent?
www.freebase.com/m/02799t7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is  tildie soames male or female
www.freebase.com/m/06kx9s	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is twisted metal: head-on
www.freebase.com/m/064svq7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language is spoken in the inheritors
www.freebase.com/m/0rmh6	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0jrjb	where is north fort myers located 
www.freebase.com/m/0zpvw2d	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0zr1b3x	what is a track from abandon
www.freebase.com/m/0c9dd0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01gn7v	where in germany did helmut lent pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0gxvdpb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Where is mister flow from
www.freebase.com/m/0n749w4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/010mnwz	where is augustus found
www.freebase.com/m/01kcmgs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is sailor
www.freebase.com/m/02mx2z	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/pregnancy_category	www.freebase.com/m/048_lgl	Which pregnancy category is levofloxacin used for?
www.freebase.com/m/0bb5rs	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05ndnlx	what witch movie did jim wynorski produce
www.freebase.com/m/02psbv5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/04gfy7	what is the ethnicity of shishir kurup
www.freebase.com/m/0v1c1_7	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does sara guerra do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vb4cmz	what films are in the genre of short film
www.freebase.com/m/037r1_s	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where was utrecht released 
www.freebase.com/m/0djb2kj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what sort of film is quest for solomon's mines: nova 
www.freebase.com/m/01km7z7	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is feelings an album or other
www.freebase.com/m/038wj4	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/03gx1r3	what neighborhood is little italy a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/08x9qv	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_championship_event/championship	www.freebase.com/m/03m5x4	What kind of championship was the 1991 nba finals
www.freebase.com/m/03gh1q	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/0kz4wpj	What is one game that digital chocolate published?
www.freebase.com/m/087dsy	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06wkf	what kind of book is the parsifal mosaic
www.freebase.com/m/0dmtb	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vbq6z	what book is published by baen books?
www.freebase.com/m/04067kg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/056vv	What country is dženan radončić from
www.freebase.com/m/04j2xzg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of film is cash crop
www.freebase.com/m/0gzv0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bw6y	Who is someone suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
www.freebase.com/m/0gx_tll	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02htsc	what kind of music does wuta mayi make?
www.freebase.com/m/01f03h	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0l0qls	What did fred fisher compose
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/03cjxzd	Which instrumentalists play the drum kit?
www.freebase.com/m/0j8kswt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What film genre is the leaves of a cypress?
www.freebase.com/m/0z2pptm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0s5ct	which city was lesley sluzynski born
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/02vqn14	which world war ii events took place in the atlantic sea?
www.freebase.com/m/05k8q3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what north american country gives jacob mincer his nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0kwdt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0484q5g	Name a location in lee county.
www.freebase.com/m/04c10pr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	what is banner, virginia within
www.freebase.com/m/080kwkz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the genre of the film women of the sun
www.freebase.com/m/04czgqw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	which company published the game dungeon explorer: warriors of ancient arts?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs04ds	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was pinocchio filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0d9y6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08p6rf	Who was born in lexington?
www.freebase.com/m/02_q2t	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	where in russia did vasily aksyonov die?
www.freebase.com/m/0kv8_3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	is age 13 a drama or comedy
www.freebase.com/m/090w52	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01q03	what kind of film is the nine lives of fritz the cat
www.freebase.com/m/033s0w	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/05ys1dr	which film festivals did the horse whisperer screen at
www.freebase.com/m/0zjb_yh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01_3ly	Who is the lyricist from strawberry jam
www.freebase.com/m/0rdl7_k	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is miguel angel medina's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0dfj1z	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/02p3x_	What island group is bet islet, torres strait a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/02yhqv	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01kz8s	who was involved in battle of mons
www.freebase.com/m/037p6sx	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is toilet kids bread a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/03qn75c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of annemarie renger?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl53	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/kingdom	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	which country did henry iii of england rule 
www.freebase.com/m/0d_w7	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what religion is frank gehry
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_origin/horses_from_this_location	www.freebase.com/m/025v8dc	where are thoroughbred racehorses originally from
www.freebase.com/m/010f2b0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01q81ff	what release is los angeles from?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmqpzr	which film falls under the thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/02rv4q3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	how can spellcasting 301: spring break be played
www.freebase.com/m/03qkgt3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of genre is dis/connected
www.freebase.com/m/05dq163	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/029b3w	what series is the episode the force from?
www.freebase.com/m/0clw16d	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country is jean madeline aveda institute located
www.freebase.com/m/02887rt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/044ww3	What kind of school is capital area school for the arts
www.freebase.com/m/04m_ln4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpytg	What is Nasir Kazmi's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbwtt	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02mtfh	What musician is featured on womc
www.freebase.com/m/02pyfp5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What kind of an album is together at the bluebird café
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/06w6hjl	whats the name of a mystery tv show
www.freebase.com/m/09hxqb	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/04jbpjq	who is the indian businessman founder of cafe coffee day
www.freebase.com/m/05fc5n1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/017bwx	in what russian city akinfiy nikitich demidov from
www.freebase.com/m/02vk6yk	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03pn9	what event was the battle of westerplatte part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0sm_7	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nt73	Which county is pierceton located in
www.freebase.com/m/09rtzwx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of tv program is  urban gothic
www.freebase.com/m/0q870dc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l7vkv	what brass band recorded tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/091fkxy	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/organizations	www.freebase.com/m/02vhpw2	which organization creates owen cauldwell
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fp_y20	what person is a musician?
www.freebase.com/m/04m72c	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0c1ktpc	who is the child of  ermanno olmi
www.freebase.com/m/09ghfn3	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/06cvx	What period or movement of art is isaac van swanenburg associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh1j5	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	what type of book is a necessary evil
www.freebase.com/m/0nhkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0w38v	name a township in kanabec county, minnesota.
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wfmjx	What is the title of a book written on adventure?
www.freebase.com/m/0b6crf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0gqkd	Where is yu~ki from?
www.freebase.com/m/026g701	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is al ruscio male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/0t53j3l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is age of uprising: the legend of michael kohlhaas from
www.freebase.com/m/05p9sf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rynp	What's a song written by dottie west
www.freebase.com/m/0zlk0s0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0ddkf	who composed how can you live in the northeast??
www.freebase.com/m/049r46	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	what kind of film is the hunger (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/01n9j_n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/05tctl	where is aselin debison originally from
www.freebase.com/m/06frb1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is the profession of lonette mckee
www.freebase.com/m/027hljt	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0fmxcf	Name a place located in central alberta
www.freebase.com/m/08t_4_	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0bmdwyl	Who founded the organization nu skin enterprises?
www.freebase.com/m/04lq27	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02dlsf	who is the artist that made the album  it's a jungle
www.freebase.com/m/0yqhtjc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is esther a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/0z46f46	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What genre of film is columbarium?
www.freebase.com/m/0s9pq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nvdn	Where is mendota located?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5z20c	www.freebase.com/automotive/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/0g50gv	what is a model made by audi
www.freebase.com/m/09_kgb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtjdq	indinavir manufactures the marketed formulation of which drug?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_9clt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	what kind of music does shatraug make?
www.freebase.com/m/0kr_8b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07q3s	what city and country was luis garcía conde born
www.freebase.com/m/0by_mv	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/02pq9t0	Who composed the music for rancho notorious?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpnp5	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	which shape is halotestin 10 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/06thb5	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0zndwm7	What is the name of a film that was written by antonio aguilar
www.freebase.com/m/0h38bx	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02knb_	who was oliver wendell holmes high school named after?
www.freebase.com/m/03xqrs2	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	Which format was covert operations released as
www.freebase.com/m/03l2n	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/04lf_z3	what is the nearest airport to houston
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/047ts74	Which former football player played defender?
www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01002m	what is the name of a town located in  texas
www.freebase.com/m/02w2x65	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was aye, and gomorrah, and other stories originally written in?
www.freebase.com/m/04y7dhf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is justin roland
www.freebase.com/m/0bn_vb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is presbyterian ladies' college, melbourne located
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t1zjx	Name a fiction genre book written by Kate Elliott?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftg_78	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ftg_7x	What's a track from ... with no spine to speak of
www.freebase.com/m/0t6qk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	in what state is garden city located
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09gp6nn	what is the name of a  drama movie by abdellatif abdelhamid
www.freebase.com/m/04my7z_	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/0f__1	what area can listen to the station wayi
www.freebase.com/m/089_x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wbx15	What is a book that is about the 20th century
www.freebase.com/m/0w1tykj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	Which country is the film a dream in the making from
www.freebase.com/m/0fvvkt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	Which netflix genre can  destiny's child: live in atlana be found under
www.freebase.com/m/0f5v91	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01c0h6	whereis nirsa located
www.freebase.com/m/01323p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0k33p	which city did duran duran originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0ll1_6t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/054y8	Where in germany was charline von heyl's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/017fp	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w2127	what is the title of a book thats a biography genre
www.freebase.com/m/0bvrm4r	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	What record company released davis, miles
www.freebase.com/m/03y8hk8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What was craig huby's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0gyx	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d1w9	what subject is in the film young cesar?
www.freebase.com/m/03449gc	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What country was hurra released in
www.freebase.com/m/03mb1y8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	Where in California did syd saylor died in?
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/03jm7g	name a character who is male.
www.freebase.com/m/0h7psnv	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/breeder	www.freebase.com/m/06dx2f	who is a breeder of the thoroughbred racehorse  rumplestiltskin
www.freebase.com/m/02rgp60	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does ahmed fahmie play 
www.freebase.com/m/0n2n3nb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what does nathalie saint-gelais do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/02vyz_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02465	who produced the movie born?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0887	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05k7sb	what is the subject of hundred-dollar baby
www.freebase.com/m/04zhd	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w3xmv	what is a mythology book
www.freebase.com/m/0h7l5vc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	was under the mistletoe a studio or live album
www.freebase.com/m/0fgtfvx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fr2xg_	?What was the release for the recording stay
www.freebase.com/m/01bjv	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_vehicle/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/052vcw5	what is a transit line on the bus
www.freebase.com/m/0bf68q1	www.freebase.com/music/multipart_release/components	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of the release ella... of thee i swing?
www.freebase.com/m/06nh1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What mode is available in starcraft
www.freebase.com/m/03fvd1	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What religion does lars gustafsson practice
www.freebase.com/m/0q00t	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0k0rk1c	which tv show featured mainly stand-up comedy
www.freebase.com/m/02jhc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w95j1	What book deals with ethics
www.freebase.com/m/04y6z3w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is brian sackinsky male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0kynh_g	What is the name of an action game?
www.freebase.com/m/02_jvp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rqdq	where was anquan boldin born?
www.freebase.com/m/0w6k3mk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of valeriu ionescu
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y0xs_	what asteroid orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/03d63sw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05pd6	what kind of group is needed to play palak muchhal's music
www.freebase.com/m/0ys1dg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03n0q5	who recorded ich wär so gern wie du
www.freebase.com/m/06b3j0	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0c5lg	What is robert dundas of arniston's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0fszzp8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/019x62	what artist is responsible for recording evolution?
www.freebase.com/m/02v_n40	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05b3ts	tripp welborne plays what football position?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0jtszy1	who has played goalkeeper
www.freebase.com/m/0hj82	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/026bbcz	what song was henry wadsworth longfellow a lyricist on
www.freebase.com/m/01jm8cs	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	lady in autumn: the best of the verve years is what type of work piece?
www.freebase.com/m/09075b	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02r72_l	what books has patrick carman written
www.freebase.com/m/04vq5c	www.freebase.com/base/americancivilwar/battle/campaign	www.freebase.com/m/01n7bq	what campaign was the battle of drewrys bluff a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04lcqqy	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/01y8d4	who created the character lex luthor
www.freebase.com/m/03sz97	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0mfxkj	What is a track produced by john oates?
www.freebase.com/m/0m5cxy0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03_7f75	What album is tupelo found on 
www.freebase.com/m/0hhr38k	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What genre would the purple naked ladies album fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/05dhyx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0p780h	What is the name of a track created by jan a. p. kaczmarek
www.freebase.com/m/0gx0f_b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is sidekick from?
www.freebase.com/m/0g38b6g	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was blutzoll released as?
www.freebase.com/m/02p1llw	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/0dhz0	atr 42 is what type of aircraft?
www.freebase.com/m/07c5l	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdc90	what books have been written about the americas?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvctpx	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/065fg7	who is lowri madoc's parent
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01h8252	what is an alternative rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmgy49	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04cygb3	what movie is produced by ekk deewana tha
www.freebase.com/m/073m43	www.freebase.com/religion/religious_leadership_jurisdiction/organisation	www.freebase.com/m/01spm	to which main organization does diocese of york belong
www.freebase.com/m/0hrc381	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position did red proctor play
www.freebase.com/m/02ptrm4	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is associated with pleasantville high school
www.freebase.com/m/082bjx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/02g8s9c	what image is of the topic indian astronomy
www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04ljt37	Name a novel
www.freebase.com/m/0drf53	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What position does baseball player al levine play?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjsl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/014_3b	Who was born in trieste
www.freebase.com/m/043zl9k	www.freebase.com/people/family/members	www.freebase.com/m/0d76tr	who comes from agnelli family
www.freebase.com/m/03f_bnh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album why i hate women
www.freebase.com/m/0g46mc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is bloodfist spoken
www.freebase.com/m/08gyd09	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/06dz0c8	what is the name of the book edition of mars
www.freebase.com/m/0bwls25	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02jttf	Where was harmony ikande born?
www.freebase.com/m/07vvd5k	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/prevention_factors	www.freebase.com/m/03zpxp	how is duodenal ulcers prevented 
www.freebase.com/m/0v20c8l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is massiel hernandez's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02kcw6	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/space_agency	www.freebase.com/m/05f4p	From what space agency is the astronaut Paul J. Weitz in?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h3nw03	What is the sun orbited by
www.freebase.com/m/0dh165	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0ply0	what city and state are post records from
www.freebase.com/m/023dfh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlx	what is john mclaughlin (host) well known for
www.freebase.com/m/02685ws	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What is the position that soccer player lance davids plays?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkq0r7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What was computer written as
www.freebase.com/m/04wbwwy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	which subject is birmingham, 1963 written in?
www.freebase.com/m/01hj_b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02p11jq	what label is urge overkill signed to
www.freebase.com/m/06fcxh	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/049zv5	What film has robin moore written
www.freebase.com/m/0337bb4	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the format of the release forge the steel
www.freebase.com/m/0mxq5rn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the film paradise from
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04ffpd5	Which album was also released as an album?
www.freebase.com/m/02rw5ww	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0np61nj	what album did the thewatchmusic release in 2011
www.freebase.com/m/0crxxtp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m81	what is the netflix genre of the film cherry
www.freebase.com/m/015fgb	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/0270h96	what does progress party believe in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvxg	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hh34sx	name a person who was born in helena?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6_cn8	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the compositions tennessee recorded in?
www.freebase.com/m/0zb2ty4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is otis stokes well known for
www.freebase.com/m/03wf7sp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in along the roaring river
www.freebase.com/m/0326_yq	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of drum & bass arena: the classics
www.freebase.com/m/0dmvv0r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f6r6r6	Which album is fever off of
www.freebase.com/m/026dmhz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06ntj	what is one of the major subjects in the lost generation
www.freebase.com/m/0y4znlt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	where was the movie sleep of the beast filmed
www.freebase.com/m/07c98	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f58lb	what town is found in tamil nadu
www.freebase.com/m/0gydkc6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language did my gimpy life get filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04skjf	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/07k2x	WHich company produced godzilla: final wars
www.freebase.com/m/08p0_s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What was reinhold maier's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0crssbh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre on netflix is coyote funeral found under
www.freebase.com/m/04txrm4	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/05h6sh	What was the book of the book edition the book of lists?
www.freebase.com/m/03_f0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jbj3q	Name an album by johann sebastian bach.
www.freebase.com/m/03cnm_6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what was little man little man: a story of childhood originally written in 
www.freebase.com/m/02688yj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country gives nationality to ruth root
www.freebase.com/m/051gtt5	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/051gtvd	What is an edition of the book bill gates?
www.freebase.com/m/01v6tvm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does eric bloom have nationality in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtx_3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	how is elf flawless finish foundation spf 15 oil free sold
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/08pm1c	what is a romance film?
www.freebase.com/m/01qnqc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	was yasunari kawabata's death a suicide or homicide?
www.freebase.com/m/04y98tj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is fernando zappia?
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dln5x8	what musician was born in south london?
www.freebase.com/m/0dvjmqt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mbmlm0	what is a song on strange world 
www.freebase.com/m/0crwct3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0121sr	Which language is pachhi kehta nahi ke kahyun nahotu in
www.freebase.com/m/03g1bz9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m40d	what genre is the album london by night
www.freebase.com/m/0c5j3_t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	who is george ungar
www.freebase.com/m/0c1_jbd	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0g7wpq	Which film did neil hunter direct
www.freebase.com/m/0gxq69d	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0dtdq	What group of religious people does carmen milady pared associate with
www.freebase.com/m/01nz0z	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/0znp3s8	What's a bar (establishment) in atlanta?
www.freebase.com/m/0p7g05f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is bobby mcaleer female or male
www.freebase.com/m/01ndvhk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02q298v	whats an album by the honeycombs
www.freebase.com/m/03f78zm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02wydx	what genre does douglas b. green  perform
www.freebase.com/m/01fwty	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0543z4	what period is yves klein  identified with 
www.freebase.com/m/03hkfyz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/027rn	Where is juan jaime from?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwx42s	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what format does on tour #1 have
www.freebase.com/m/04mmj61	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	whats the netflix genre of the film  the other one
www.freebase.com/m/020s5_y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/08qlcj	which places are a part of the 18914 zip code?
www.freebase.com/m/0v2r7dk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fw4v	where was mariselle morales born
www.freebase.com/m/04d52g	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vsqfd	what book edition was published by susanna kaysen
www.freebase.com/m/0286l_b	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/048405	which larger range is the dorset mountain in
www.freebase.com/m/0bt32c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	what city did philip gale die in
www.freebase.com/m/026451c	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What European country is stör located?
www.freebase.com/m/01m4qnk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fwf93v	What is the name of sara groves's 2009 album?
www.freebase.com/m/03p8s3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0snty	What city was jon barwise in when he died
www.freebase.com/m/0khrd6y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fn8p	where was aissata toure born 
www.freebase.com/m/0gkrsxk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is oculation: rogue emissions in the dark from?
www.freebase.com/m/09_ffd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02xhgwq	What is paul goma's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0brz8xs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tmsj	Where was ed scogin born
www.freebase.com/m/01m_7x6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	Where in japan was arihiro hase born
www.freebase.com/m/09t7jw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	what kind of film is doppelganger
www.freebase.com/m/01ld1k5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0238ts	Which artist released the album project:mersh?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv1rw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	what drug category is loblolly pine 10000 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/0g7bh	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w865q	What is a book about cultural studies?
www.freebase.com/m/0j8hd	www.freebase.com/medicine/risk_factor/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/0259rv	breast cancer is a risk factor for what disease
www.freebase.com/m/027hxkb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is bo lacy from?
www.freebase.com/m/04j7wv	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/09zv8	Where did the 1999 world series take place?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4p4td	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	under what netflix genre does a person find believe
www.freebase.com/m/06qtjn	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/031t49	What film did don simpson produce?
www.freebase.com/m/09949m	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0lqhdjh	Who was born in istanbul
www.freebase.com/m/03fl2r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/05rjl	what is the occupation of the fictional character ross geller
www.freebase.com/m/0k3qkv2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	what is chris oliver best known for
www.freebase.com/m/0dzs_m4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wb52b	Which artist recorded how would you like it
www.freebase.com/m/0jsh52w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	What nationality is choi-ning lee?
www.freebase.com/m/0_h18	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	which state does irwin reside in
www.freebase.com/m/045m1_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/067nv	what is jesus christ known for doing during his lifetime
www.freebase.com/m/04q1hf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where did gabor a. somorjai's life start
www.freebase.com/m/02r_d7b	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0488g9	whos the producer of the film rockin with judy jetson
www.freebase.com/m/0261g90	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country gives nationality to darcy regier
www.freebase.com/m/05wvcsl	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is tessa hadley's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01g0dx	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	Which war did the battle of princeton take place?
www.freebase.com/m/027ly01	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	What is chester marcol's job? 
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/01lxy7	what character is a female?
www.freebase.com/m/04p57r	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/016bx2	who wrote the film the small back room?
www.freebase.com/m/03jlhjd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	What is the genre of music on the album distance and time
www.freebase.com/m/0jt61l8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/01ls2	which country did the tv program  primera dama originate
www.freebase.com/m/02vysr6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/027vkgc	who created vavavoom?
www.freebase.com/m/04t_pk_	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/026rp1	what is the book edition of martin eden called
www.freebase.com/m/04b9_xs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n4_z	in what southern state is recheulos located
www.freebase.com/m/01vrnsk	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/06lf26	What song did ringo starr write the lyrics to?
www.freebase.com/m/03y4tk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01lyhc	where was joseph deniker born?
www.freebase.com/m/03qcg6n	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04ty2qd	what book edition was alison weir the author of
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wbvjs	whats a known suspense book
www.freebase.com/m/039m104	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was set yourself on fire  released on
www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0yl41	What is a city in Surrey County, north carolina?
www.freebase.com/m/03s2mh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of art acord
www.freebase.com/m/01gywzj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01z7dr	What genre is tactics ogre: let us cling together?
www.freebase.com/m/064k5vk	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x9hs	what is the cvg genre of shadow complex
www.freebase.com/m/0332y5	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	What kind of mountain is grímsvötn
www.freebase.com/m/0fq07jy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03z760	what part of india is vishnu vardhan from?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2mcsv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	Which language is once upon a time there was oil in?
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/014452	What city is located within the United Kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/02s9xr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l8q0_	What's an album by ahmad jamal
www.freebase.com/m/09sb7h3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the callahans and the murphys in?
www.freebase.com/m/04692xm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/05td0s	who wrote new and selected poems?
www.freebase.com/m/02vmvh9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	What kind of music is on the album brave
www.freebase.com/m/04tjt2h	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of Steve Darrell?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hkmjh	WHat's an example of a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/02lcct	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0djbc	what was the reason of death for georges couthon
www.freebase.com/m/0dmy2z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	sandra klösel  is what nationality
www.freebase.com/m/05xdl0	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05xdjl	Who directed the film Black?
www.freebase.com/m/04t31r7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019_nn	what is theme in jean and johnny 
www.freebase.com/m/02hmkj0	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	who published bubble bobble
www.freebase.com/m/0bqs9kt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is the man from the deep
www.freebase.com/m/05_8rhv	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/071lbh	what kind of book is the ganges: along sacred waters
www.freebase.com/m/0fl0738	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cfgd	which artist is featured on the album deep purple & friends
www.freebase.com/m/06pqtg	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzckj7	where is yobe state located
www.freebase.com/m/0qbpy	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/state	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	which state is leavenworth located in?
www.freebase.com/m/07j_kcb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/07j_k7c	which season of andrew zimmerman's show did he visit uganda in
www.freebase.com/m/0gbzwzh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country is melanie tonello from
www.freebase.com/m/04ct_m3	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02jqbw	who produced the film when a woman sins
www.freebase.com/m/02hmr6g	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/055yr	What platform is dungeon siege available on
www.freebase.com/m/0lvsn08	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03b9t1f	what is the name of a single from the album sylvia
www.freebase.com/m/0glqdkj	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	how did sally douglas die
www.freebase.com/m/03m65_j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	what is the nationality of alain merchadier
www.freebase.com/m/04184mk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	Where did the artist astroline originate
www.freebase.com/m/02rndp2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05vy30	where was ričardas beniušis born?
www.freebase.com/m/04w5_w4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04dv5z	who wrote the natural mind
www.freebase.com/m/040780m	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0b4ydf	what major city does nebraska highway 70 pass through
www.freebase.com/m/026swsg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/020clxq	In what zip code does hudson street lie?
www.freebase.com/m/02rwj8t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01v9sc	what music genre is marta romero most commonly associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/0jqn5	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/030_1_	Which company produced e.t. the extra-terrestrial
www.freebase.com/m/02vk7yz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what kind of tv show is the late late show with craig ferguson 
www.freebase.com/m/043k57n	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/043gtr	Who wrote the song steel guitar rag
www.freebase.com/m/06_jcry	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/059cb1	in what architectural style was rutgers preparatory school built
www.freebase.com/m/0748_4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	which type of music is jason walker known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0l8h7t_	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/0dn7v	what kind of martial art does 東口 翔太 practice 
www.freebase.com/m/02vwq_8	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	what war was don j. jenkins in
www.freebase.com/m/057yc8	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd3	what is the mpaa rating for the movie sahara
www.freebase.com/m/01rpqv3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what genre of music does steve wickham perform
www.freebase.com/m/02w1b8	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/0dzlbx	what film is about the arms industry
www.freebase.com/m/0chttkf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/032f6	What language is there are things you dont know shot in
www.freebase.com/m/0cbvg	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/09gl0dq	What battles were a part of the napoleonic wars
www.freebase.com/m/07nsy8	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/03x6tf	which films did oliver nelson provide the music for?
www.freebase.com/m/0b91rn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	Where is andrey boreyko from
www.freebase.com/m/027x1y4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what does eric darnell do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/0fpks7q	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was the impatient heart filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/01_1y5	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/072qg	Which ideology does the communist party of brazil follow?
www.freebase.com/m/0wyph92	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0999q	Which language is in the film drishyam
www.freebase.com/m/02rnq0f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre is nidhanaya  
www.freebase.com/m/01km1yb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04gnkx	Where was krzysztof penderecki born
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmcz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the netflix genre of ice grill?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz0yd3	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07qv_	which language is my cactus heart in
www.freebase.com/m/0cp82f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What country is natasha beaumont from
www.freebase.com/m/02px1sz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album?
www.freebase.com/m/03f6jdt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01v8c	where was faiz kevin mangat born?
www.freebase.com/m/0lyy0q_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was derek neame born
www.freebase.com/m/04098zx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	where was david lyons's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/01lqr4q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/020gpf	Where is kate rusby from?
www.freebase.com/m/04ghyqw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	what did nicomedes santa cruz die from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcr8l6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	is woman rebel a history or drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0hqzw_z	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01wtlq	What category of music is at the gates of paradise considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/0ds7zj1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	what type of music is perform by jessica ellen cornish
www.freebase.com/m/0ds1p5h	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01zk9d	Where did tom watson die?
www.freebase.com/m/0p8wlnp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of gertrude orr?
www.freebase.com/m/09jd7l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/03s5jl3	What's a famous image that covers pathania
www.freebase.com/m/02w_dzs	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05snw	What is the profession of enrique loedel palumbo
www.freebase.com/m/0sg6b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02wwv0f	who was born in rock island, illinois
www.freebase.com/m/02pqbm4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what kind of show is britains next top model?
www.freebase.com/m/0dlksj_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the film i melt with you?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lm487	Name a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/0y1dm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fc1_	what county includes fenner
www.freebase.com/m/0lvt1cm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01d0hk9	what is the title track off africa
www.freebase.com/m/05m5vm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what types of play is geist
www.freebase.com/m/02qtcln	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dn407	Who played the fictional character astrid bloom?
www.freebase.com/m/03yhjqw	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/07m61	what asteroid group is 55701 ukalegon a member of
www.freebase.com/m/01hnmy	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/03sfhq	who was one of the founders of the john birch society
www.freebase.com/m/06m04p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country was the big clock filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0crvnmw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what country is the movie shanghai mystery based in
www.freebase.com/m/0crw2nf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was west bank brooklyn filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdq86	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/015j7	What is the subject of the greatest works of hal lindsey?
www.freebase.com/m/01591c	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/universe	www.freebase.com/m/06mv6	what is the universe of qo'nos
www.freebase.com/m/026h0jg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	where did gustav fritsch die 
www.freebase.com/m/0gcr9lb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	is oxygen created in netherlands or finland
www.freebase.com/m/0flcb0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is enemy gold in?
www.freebase.com/m/02slnt	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/05h72k	who is the screenwriter for go
www.freebase.com/m/02r7clr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what is darren clarke's baseball position
www.freebase.com/m/01r2m1n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/028cl7	What style of art does dueljewel create?
www.freebase.com/m/0mn0v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07ypcq	name a person born in  virginia beach, virginia
www.freebase.com/m/027jn8r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what kind of film is snow queen
www.freebase.com/m/01d61p	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	what type of baseball position is tris speaker
www.freebase.com/m/02slt7	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/02dglg	What is the name of a film created by the canal+ production company
www.freebase.com/m/0lz0h4f	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fln8x	The track believe is from what album
www.freebase.com/m/01t70n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ylhc	Where is the birth place of mehdi ghezali
www.freebase.com/m/0333nwh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mx1wx	What is a track on the release now dance: 2002, volume 2?
www.freebase.com/m/014vzx	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/076xt_g	who inspired adam mickiewicz
www.freebase.com/m/02qfn13	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0lpfh	where did imagenes originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/048k59	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is väinö myllyrinne
www.freebase.com/m/04bbz6g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is eaton corners in 
www.freebase.com/m/0b__83t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which nation does raymond v. haysbert belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0fxwwdz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is timeless
www.freebase.com/m/080ckqv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	Where in asia was david ho born
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04bct31	whats the name of a city that is located in new york in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/023t0q	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0283_94	who was the writer for the film abbas kiarostami
www.freebase.com/m/016wc0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0d9x53	What is the name of a book written about jealousy?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0269	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	is combustible campus guardress in the japanese language or the english language 
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_j4hqj	Which song is a song?
www.freebase.com/m/043kyfv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was the black sabbath story vol. 1 - 1970-1978 first released in
www.freebase.com/m/01wsgt	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/039sr3	Where did battle of auray take place?
www.freebase.com/m/04fdhd	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	what is robert palmer profession
www.freebase.com/m/0178rl	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0tj4c6	What is a track tim rice produced?
www.freebase.com/m/02vls_r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is afro-punk
www.freebase.com/m/02q2t53	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0250f	who was the director of the film ready, set, zoom!
www.freebase.com/m/03200dt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0pfbrl	This track is featured on the release essex by Alison Moyet.
www.freebase.com/m/02pnscl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is John Saint Ryan's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01c6y7t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k1qvt	who recorded o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/01mwtkc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	what label is bonham signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0bxz46g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	Where is t. bill sutherland from
www.freebase.com/m/0pcmn3w	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is bonnie joy ashley from
www.freebase.com/m/05_0bx	www.freebase.com/theater/theater/theatrical_productions_staged_here	www.freebase.com/m/0z9t8d5	what's a production that was staged at detroit opera house
www.freebase.com/m/04z_4hd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is olympia deuxmilletrois?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwqxpb	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/06l8d	which industry is alain ducasse at the dorchester in 
www.freebase.com/m/04n7k2l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01n7	what is woolmer
www.freebase.com/m/03gx_wj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	WHat kind of music does jamie o'hara make
www.freebase.com/m/0nscnh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ml680	which artist sang the recording of paris?
www.freebase.com/m/030lc2m	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cmkkq	what are the tracks on lourds
www.freebase.com/m/02x0bhs	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is the film zina filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/03c58jm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what type of album is live at billy bob's texas
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pjmk5	name an airport in india 
www.freebase.com/m/04t3htn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	what is the subject of the written piece the path of loneliness
www.freebase.com/m/0806cj8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country did the film a marine story take place in
www.freebase.com/m/067w9hz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01_r5t	who authored key to north american birds?
www.freebase.com/m/0drybzd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/04cjjyc	which release is there's no way out of here on?
www.freebase.com/m/09thb0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was spoken in falcon beach
www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0_sh1kz	who plays photography
www.freebase.com/m/04j0gw3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What ype of film is the killing ground
www.freebase.com/m/0fs9zzm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01r6m5l	Which artist recorded cars?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cj7gyc	Name an animation film.
www.freebase.com/m/0mfx52q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f3wgkt	The track i shall be released is from what album?
www.freebase.com/m/0m3crjd	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03xr3rk	what is the release in which the track chicago
www.freebase.com/m/03c7f_9	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01pp3p	who directed a fight for love?
www.freebase.com/m/04z_0_m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music does don snow make
www.freebase.com/m/0f2jhv	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/028bq67	Who did the music for lage raho munna bhai?
www.freebase.com/m/0msc828	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fv9qs1	what is the release track on o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/01n4_qy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is wayne wade's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/084xsh	what book is in the genre fantasy?
www.freebase.com/m/01frcm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is day of the fight
www.freebase.com/m/05ztfkx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of nikola paunović
www.freebase.com/m/0w16m6x	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01gtr1	Who is the child of béla szenes?
www.freebase.com/m/047nb1l	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01ym9b	What musical genre is the art of being a girl
www.freebase.com/m/01ggm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fsw_rz	What is a track by blind lemon jefferson?
www.freebase.com/m/021pwr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	where is the location of râmnicu vâlcea?
www.freebase.com/m/01lqtv5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qbxlx	what songs has grooverider created
www.freebase.com/m/01vtqml	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0k33p	where does ozzy osbourne come from
www.freebase.com/m/01k32n2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dls3	What kind of artist is dead moon
www.freebase.com/m/0ktcy6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is walter abraham's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0fg0m	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/0bhb04	What Indonesian food contains chilis and peanuts?
www.freebase.com/m/0kymz9t	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/04z5rh	What game is a version of minotaur: the labyrinths of crete
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kj0rq	Name an album released by aaron carter
www.freebase.com/m/0271hgg	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/01vsl3_	Who is the son of alfred lennon?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02q784f	Which artist performs indie rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0414wht	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09jp3	where was sebastián morquio born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dd5qz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what is the genre for the book the godfathers revenge
www.freebase.com/m/023gd7h	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/0521sw	Who produced on a day like today?
www.freebase.com/m/01wbz9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	What city in France did robert palmer die
www.freebase.com/m/04zg1l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02kbj8p	What is disney magic a notable type of
www.freebase.com/m/03hp36n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is charlotte fich's gender
www.freebase.com/m/041z1gp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/location	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where is npr: wait wait... don't tell me! podcast broadcasted?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bggj_d	what is an example of a documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/017l1r	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/04c9cc	what tourist attractions take place in tamworth
www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cnxhw1	what album is of the genre metalcore
www.freebase.com/m/01859r8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lw45s6	what track was from the recording galileo galilei
www.freebase.com/m/0xtshn7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0x4x85y	what tracks are on the recording lost?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3qdq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what types of game is otogi: myth of demons
www.freebase.com/m/04gc2	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/026fyds	Name a lawyer.
www.freebase.com/m/026m3y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	is queen mary, university of london a public or private school
www.freebase.com/m/042g7t	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/011hvn	Name a location in the atlantic standard time zone
www.freebase.com/m/070pzxh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is the form of the artwork the rock of doom
www.freebase.com/m/04b6cm8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is five forks
www.freebase.com/m/04c25cr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	What state is springfield in
www.freebase.com/m/04j29xj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what sort of film is pact with the devil
www.freebase.com/m/03l954	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0180jb	What can be a symptom of conversion disorder
www.freebase.com/m/06cjdq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	where is agnes of bohemia's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/0ct9_	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01dqh6	Who was michel foucault influenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/03d3hyr	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gry51	who is the editor for scotched in scotland?
www.freebase.com/m/0fcbrg	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	What is one of penn high school's colors?
www.freebase.com/m/03y0p6w	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where is 5881 akashi found 
www.freebase.com/m/0k95mpr	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07d7bm	who was the producer for the heat
www.freebase.com/m/0dxnfh	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/058nt	which comic book universe does the dweller-in-darkness appear in 
www.freebase.com/m/01k6g6b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rjhkvz	what track was performed by john abercrombie (guitarist)
www.freebase.com/m/0n7y1zz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0mn0v	where did norman phelps die
www.freebase.com/m/06qtjn	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/018js4	don simpson  produced what film
www.freebase.com/m/0_6xyrx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what type of composition was reasons
www.freebase.com/m/0yq1kd4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0yj9v	Where was daquan barnes born
www.freebase.com/m/0nqf048	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	in what region did 80s box release
www.freebase.com/m/0654ys	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlj	what is golly mackenzie known for?
www.freebase.com/m/0x1rkj7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what does mohammad ali sajjadi do to make a living
www.freebase.com/m/02rr_8h	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position does ndubuisi eze play?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05mrzk1	what Tamil action film was filmed in 2009?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4k7b	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	What is the genre of the book between lovers?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027pct5	What's a hard rock album featuring molly hatchet
www.freebase.com/m/0qf2db	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/081wh1	who produced hair of the dog?
www.freebase.com/m/0r3rx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l2q3	Where is murrieta, california located?
www.freebase.com/m/0cx305	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is bowman lake 
www.freebase.com/m/02gg2	www.freebase.com/exhibitions/exhibition_subject/exhibitions_created_about_this_subject	www.freebase.com/m/05t1pzt	what is an exhibition created about the subject of discrimination
www.freebase.com/m/0238z7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of histamine
www.freebase.com/m/0ggbhy7	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0j1wmmn	who was the executive producer for tinker, tailor, soldier, spy
www.freebase.com/m/0crrmcg	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which languages is the film because why spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mwsh	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02_37z	What time zone is dauphin county, pennsylvania located?
www.freebase.com/m/03b_qpr	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position does wayne arendse play?
www.freebase.com/m/0chtg0	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/06q2q	What is doctor clayton forrester occupation?
www.freebase.com/m/0405l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is jim jarmusch's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0683n	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/034d5_	which films have paul auster written?
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsc_m	what drug is used for cleaning hands 
www.freebase.com/m/051stwn	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What art medium is trinity?
www.freebase.com/m/01vy4pl	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0lvr68	what's the name of a track that jonas berggren engineered
www.freebase.com/m/01zt6h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	where is brandenberg
www.freebase.com/m/01ldqmn	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ldr0l	what artist released the album the best of xavier cugat and his orchestra?
www.freebase.com/m/048srd2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0jj6k	What county is harney in
www.freebase.com/m/02px6m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is roger lloyd-pack's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04q1_gg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fc32	which county is bristol mountain ski resort located in
www.freebase.com/m/04w8t4l	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0k7r2	what is the topic of the book the english town?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2hq3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is grips, grunts and groans filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0vzfwj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n33qgv	what is the name of the title track for the recording  venus
www.freebase.com/m/0cryr2d	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is fish out of water?
www.freebase.com/m/0524krs	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	in what position does yuta omine play
www.freebase.com/m/01zg6s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	what is the netflix genre of the reagans?
www.freebase.com/m/02js6_	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/065b6q	What is jake gyllenhaal's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0vpv29q	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is the need for speed
www.freebase.com/m/04vkg85	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What is the binding of the book the story of my life (with her letters)
www.freebase.com/m/01f7j5d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/036jv	What genre is the album welcome to tha chuuch: da album?
www.freebase.com/m/01mlpvl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0172rj	What kind of music was exemplified by the album painting on glass
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2x91	Name a drama.
www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02yf6p	which album is of the genre pop rock
www.freebase.com/m/0g4p9g3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	how is winterlied composed as?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1zw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqrspy	What is an active ingredient found in threonine?
www.freebase.com/m/02qm1rh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	what is otto scheff's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01jvfb3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0r4mlf0	whats the name of an album by  daevid allen
www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03gw8w5	what's a landmark in australia
www.freebase.com/m/0crxxtp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	What genre does the movie cherry fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/01wsl7c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01dtcb	Which label is kt tunstall signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0gc3tzl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is michael hirsch's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs33g	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05l1rk	which ingredient is used in fungicure manicure pedicure
www.freebase.com/m/015401	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/01l6nb	who founded the organization university of tehran
www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/026zsr2	What is the name of a public school (government funded)?
www.freebase.com/m/033cbhm	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/03h_fqv	Who was a producer on the release the black rider?
www.freebase.com/m/03qkttm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What kind of game is legions: overdrive
www.freebase.com/m/05qh0l2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/018h2	what is a major subject of the novel high couch of silistra?
www.freebase.com/m/01wnzk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	in which country is the coastal city of oda located
www.freebase.com/m/01jc6p8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0j9m9sl	What is an album that was released by world party
www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0z6nf5m	what movie is considered at biographical film?
www.freebase.com/m/017xq7p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	What is victoria?
www.freebase.com/m/02568f	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/01trbt	what is a treatment for giardiasis
www.freebase.com/m/04w8zv0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what kind of book was grahame clark
www.freebase.com/m/052smk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/016wvy	who is a well known drone music artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0661fv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is yossi vardi's gender
www.freebase.com/m/02x2rf_	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is the mirror maker
www.freebase.com/m/0b73ltn	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is spoken by pareek?
www.freebase.com/m/02x274f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is bob kortman from
www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv1hc	what is a drug
www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/011cvvb	what is a track by richard m. sherman
www.freebase.com/m/04rxwx	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02dy2x	which religion does ruth carter stapleton practice
www.freebase.com/m/0gwsp7	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which soccer position does  gareth mcglynn play
www.freebase.com/m/02c95d	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whv9c	what is an african-american studies book
www.freebase.com/m/01ngksn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/071vr	Where in california is no knife from
www.freebase.com/m/02g30d2	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	what is the media type of  jeff green
www.freebase.com/m/0np35	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0tbwj	where is smith county located 
www.freebase.com/m/04xnh	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What is the religion max horkheimer associates himself as?
www.freebase.com/m/0kpmt	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/created_by	www.freebase.com/m/05jm7	who created the comic book  the sandman (vertigo)
www.freebase.com/m/0cwtqy	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/07_c8x	who is the parent of brian koppelman
www.freebase.com/m/0dn5gt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is our relations from
www.freebase.com/m/05qjt	www.freebase.com/book/periodical_subject/periodicals	www.freebase.com/m/01dn54	what is the name of a periodical about physics
www.freebase.com/m/0f1ww67	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03xqwk2	the recording holes was released on what album
www.freebase.com/m/04q7bng	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07rfp	what company made bubble bobble plus!?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmhj01	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	which country is yasuaki nakajima from
www.freebase.com/m/08fh7y	www.freebase.com/meteorology/tropical_cyclone/affected_areas	www.freebase.com/m/03h2c	which central american nations were affected by hurricane beta
www.freebase.com/m/03c_nwq	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is inge lønning male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03d02pp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09qxq7	what genre is para quando o arco-Íris encontrar o pote de ouro
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crxwr3	What is an indie film title?
www.freebase.com/m/052p7	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09gnh8k	Name a person born in montreal
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026n047	Who's a forward that plays for manchester united
www.freebase.com/m/0c_99x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is swoop g?
www.freebase.com/m/0x88zsl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04n2vgk	Which artist made cudi the kid (third party remix)
www.freebase.com/m/0498y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049413y	Name a community located in kentucky
www.freebase.com/m/03j8v54	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m1dm3g	What is the track list for based on a true story?
www.freebase.com/m/01lpdkc	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lpdlk	who is the singer of the album the blistering sun?
www.freebase.com/m/03h4qs7	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/03qlv7	kenneth tse is known for playing was instrument
www.freebase.com/m/027k73p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01gp_x	who was the screenwriter for the show redux
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kw45j	what is an album from 2005
www.freebase.com/m/0jls77x	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the film hercules:the brave and the bold in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rntg2	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	What genre of film is webs?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crw8rp	what is an indie film found in the netflix genre
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs5x4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/06vqn8	What is an active ingredient found in r2?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh2sr	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/01fklc	What color is the drug enpresse 0.03,0.04,0.03/0.05,0.075,0.125 kit?
www.freebase.com/m/08xfm6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is goodnight lovers in
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jwgkc_	Name a short documentary film released in 2011
www.freebase.com/m/02r54vb	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05h7tk	who directed the film the bulleteers
www.freebase.com/m/0gkl056	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is the gender of denise weinberg?
www.freebase.com/m/0vmxp61	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the birth place of bert sheldon?
www.freebase.com/m/09bv6y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/0j_nzxw	what campuses are there for washtenaw community college
www.freebase.com/m/03cptj1	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02vh4b	What did anthony drewe write?
www.freebase.com/m/03k5dy	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/07kl6fl	what is an episode directed by barry van dyke
www.freebase.com/m/01q2s8q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhsz	Where was daniele sepe born?
www.freebase.com/m/04ljjvs	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	which baseball position is niles jordan charged of
www.freebase.com/m/0_rddn0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the threepenny opera (die dreigroschenoper) released
www.freebase.com/m/03cd1jd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	what city did karl blank die
www.freebase.com/m/0z9nlct	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is kenny ladler male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/09830v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is christian estrosi male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0dgj8ws	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was the book bolt published
www.freebase.com/m/027qbp7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what type of film is amor se dice cantando?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3b8q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04g7d	what subject is covered in speaking in tongues
www.freebase.com/m/06nzl	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0cklfs	Name a book about scientology
www.freebase.com/m/03zkm7b	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/013_1lx	What is a track from acoustic 80's?
www.freebase.com/m/03d11vv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where is paul wittich from?
www.freebase.com/m/0644kd1	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/040j_3	who was victoria anne simmons's father
www.freebase.com/m/059_w	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0x3n	which singer has native americans in the united states ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0kv69h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	what type of film is asylum?
www.freebase.com/m/01j80rp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0qdx_xk	what are songs of the god put a smile upon your face album
www.freebase.com/m/04vt26	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	where did the battle of cheat mountain  take place
www.freebase.com/m/0fb5kcp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/010yrtj	What is the title of a track on the mamy blue release?
www.freebase.com/m/09gl78k	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what is the genre of the film scream for help
www.freebase.com/m/06qwqn	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	what country was involved in  battle of the hook
www.freebase.com/m/07pryf	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What country is cree, swampy language from
www.freebase.com/m/0fft2h	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w7wgn	what is written by stanley bing?
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0s9mhqf	Name a film director.
www.freebase.com/m/0b1hw	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0m2l9	who influenced soundgarden
www.freebase.com/m/03c5zgz	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/014dm6	who produced the film the national parks: americas best idea
www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0bmhtc8	What's a wetland site located in australia
www.freebase.com/m/049f0ks	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g3q_l	which record label is sarah johns contracted with
www.freebase.com/m/01_v_z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What does elinor morton hoyt do
www.freebase.com/m/01n24kw	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was in stereo
www.freebase.com/m/04q06_	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	Which position in the NFL does aaron rodgers play
www.freebase.com/m/0dxhc8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is martin ellerby famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0n7fx_x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033ld75	which 1999 release contains the track o holy night?
www.freebase.com/m/04klm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0220p9g	What is the genre of the film the harvey girls
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bcjwd	Name a film director
www.freebase.com/m/0bb7bc4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01f4d3	Who composed the piece mandatory suicide
www.freebase.com/m/029y67	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is kate carnell of the male or female gender
www.freebase.com/m/01p2b_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/031d32	which group released nuclear blast 
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gyx63v	what mars crossing minor planet orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/0zf1ms	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jjgdj	Who is the artist that recorded tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/03g3b1c	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05vgf1	What band produced the album cupid's chokehold
www.freebase.com/m/0nv2x	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0490_nb	name a location contained in peoria county, illinois.
www.freebase.com/m/0412_ch	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what kind of movie is paws
www.freebase.com/m/047d21r	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/061dn_	what production company produced the fighter
www.freebase.com/m/09y20	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0d7wh	What is the ethnicity of alan rickman?
www.freebase.com/m/0g597wy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kinds of movie is coordinates of death
www.freebase.com/m/04wgcdh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01y8h5	What was the way of the cross written about
www.freebase.com/m/0v9x_t	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/04bfww	Who produced the song face à la mer
www.freebase.com/m/01jmn9l	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is double blues
www.freebase.com/m/0cgsb0d	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What language was used in baron tzigane
www.freebase.com/m/0_j0x7j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vvyfh	which 1990s singer wrote the lyrics for it doesnt really matter?
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/049np_	What event was included in world war ii?
www.freebase.com/m/03qcjsm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f2s6	Where is texas wesleyan university school of law located?
www.freebase.com/m/02j62	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04whzz2	what is the name of an economics book
www.freebase.com/m/0259g9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	nellie mcclung is a notable example of a?
www.freebase.com/m/026zz1_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does sergey lazarev make?
www.freebase.com/m/01kxl7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What genre of artist is clifford brown?
www.freebase.com/m/02ww43k	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxf	which constellation is the r aquarii found in 
www.freebase.com/m/05d936p	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/language	www.freebase.com/m/0ddb5	which language was used in tay
www.freebase.com/m/0fqg212	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is ballads: murder intrigue love discord
www.freebase.com/m/0hhszn7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (85721) 1998 sl63 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/09g80_b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	which subgenre of music is juan van emmerloot associated with
www.freebase.com/m/09g97rb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nn1_tf	What's a song written by nothnegal
www.freebase.com/m/0f786h	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0tbql	What city is the wichita art museum within
www.freebase.com/m/01k3k39	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025tjk_	what genre is the album o.s.t.
www.freebase.com/m/0gbmdhy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	What is the birth place of sophie steiner
www.freebase.com/m/02d6rv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	"Thunderbirds" was filmed in what language?
www.freebase.com/m/032xv1	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/coloring	www.freebase.com/m/04kpjx0	What color is a lakeland terrier?
www.freebase.com/m/0nnx1dn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0fb6hwq	What is the canonical version of the recording santa claus is coming to town?
www.freebase.com/m/0ly_p4z	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/03d0ns	who is jérôme richard's mother?
www.freebase.com/m/0jwjbm4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What is Heng Wu's profession
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0484_dj	What's a city located in alabama in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/07kgfv6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country produced dandelion dead in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/06s5rb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/021plp	what did granville henderson oury die from?
www.freebase.com/m/0fg65zz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album middle earth masters?
www.freebase.com/m/0h8ps5d	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is vachan from?
www.freebase.com/m/02q5fyv	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03ttfc	what is nuria fergó's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0nynkpm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	what did ray crowe die of?
www.freebase.com/m/07hksx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is mary turzillo
www.freebase.com/m/05p5n0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/059wk	what company published metal combat: falcon's revenge?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_j9pm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01tdn5	which city did mikhail kozakov die
www.freebase.com/m/06wp7r	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01qqtr	Who produced the film the anniversary party
www.freebase.com/m/0x2q0h_	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0x6qd7r	what is the single version of assassination
www.freebase.com/m/0148qq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fhhv1_	what is the name of an album from nikolaus harnoncourt
www.freebase.com/m/043nkp_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02l6l8	where is kudai from?
www.freebase.com/m/03g_l3_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/09r8n4	Where was 9988 erictemplebell discovered?
www.freebase.com/m/02b07b	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/05b1chg	What CVG game did Pony Canyon publish?
www.freebase.com/m/047d2mm	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0jgx	where was the roman–parthian war of 58–63 located
www.freebase.com/m/0crsfcr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre is full moon in blue water in on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/03q4jc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what is the computer video game genre of dynamite cop
www.freebase.com/m/035077l	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Where was lives in paris released first?
www.freebase.com/m/02qjx63	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05p1lv5	Who was born in socialist republic of slovenia?
www.freebase.com/m/06_2jwp	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ljsz	Where is princeton university nassau hall
www.freebase.com/m/043kyvx	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	which industry is epicenter studios in
www.freebase.com/m/0w26y52	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is kwan-hun lee male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0gg9wnc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What kind of film is por el mismo camino
www.freebase.com/m/0cc9plh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is  tracy wright
www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j_17vp	what actor was born in copenhagen
www.freebase.com/m/0dwcwxw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02wwwv5	who recorded the song baby?
www.freebase.com/m/018fmr	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/05kk38m	What is a work whose subject is lana turner?
www.freebase.com/m/01dw49	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is in gerry
www.freebase.com/m/03ls40	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/09t4t	What kind of work does intelligent actuator do
www.freebase.com/m/0fkkf0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	Which film genre does dil ne phir yaad kiya best fit in
www.freebase.com/m/0280zpp	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	what kind of music is the album it was the best of times
www.freebase.com/m/0bvqj4s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is gaston gabaroche male or female
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01t7qqk	what is an artist of post-punk?
www.freebase.com/m/09kjn2y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/0nk1p	what school or movement is the book spovedanii about
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l1mk6	one example of an emo album is what?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftvql8	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0281dr	what musician produced ooo baby baby: the anthology
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y2wfh	What's a main belt asteroid within the solar system
www.freebase.com/m/0nzdv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d0x8	what state is jefferson county in?
www.freebase.com/m/04kb7c	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	What is john nathan-turner's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/01mpx_n	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/048tz0	what artist is on the album natural history
www.freebase.com/m/0bd03m	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/bowling_style	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	which hand does matthew hart use to bowl
www.freebase.com/m/01lscb2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what format does carved in sand album have
www.freebase.com/m/02bpgr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is william colby's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0nm794h	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0npc0gn	what tracks are on connecticut?
www.freebase.com/m/0p86s	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_setting/works_set_here	www.freebase.com/m/0430672	which chapter indicates smallville
www.freebase.com/m/01jpdwr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What album content type is faithful virtue: the reprise recordings (disc 3)?
www.freebase.com/m/0_qvpk4	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	which form of art does tamas dezso play with
www.freebase.com/m/04cj6k	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where is disneyland park (paris)
www.freebase.com/m/01p2b_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01r4ncp	which musical group is signed to nuclear blast
www.freebase.com/m/023rjw9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ks4zgh	What is a track featured on the recording the blob
www.freebase.com/m/0274m0t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was animal instinct released as
www.freebase.com/m/0hz6sbz	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is shove it up my... originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/09v8kf2	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position does arnór sveinn aðalsteinsson play?
www.freebase.com/m/0371fzx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/013vhtf	which tracks are listed in the release kiss my wami 1997 (disc 2)?
www.freebase.com/m/047d9mr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	Which type of film is holiday
www.freebase.com/m/026f0xg	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/015r61	what art period was joan brown active in?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9w0q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	What was mrs. jeffries questions the answer written about 
www.freebase.com/m/02hl9m	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/space_mission/astronauts	www.freebase.com/m/02twms	what astronauts were involved in sts-30
www.freebase.com/m/06r7g92	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	what did mike lehane do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/0c02xb5	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	Which war was the dutch west indies campaign in
www.freebase.com/m/01zy11	www.freebase.com/metropolitan_transit/transit_system/transit_lines	www.freebase.com/m/04zgb7f	What is a transit line in translink (british columbia)?
www.freebase.com/m/09lrjv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of nguyễn văn kiệt
www.freebase.com/m/04w2z5x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/02c3_1	Who wrote the book the mystical life
www.freebase.com/m/0bhgqnp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what genre in netflix is kaspar hauser under
www.freebase.com/m/0123h6	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0h2l0rp	Who was the mother of ted bundy?
www.freebase.com/m/026px82	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0251s5	who is the author of kingdoms in conflict
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0rzcy0t	whats a name of a studio album
www.freebase.com/m/0bk34s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was roc and a hard place originally written in
www.freebase.com/m/04z_zh2	www.freebase.com/geography/river/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04s1q1	what is the origin of the baviaanskloof river
www.freebase.com/m/027h5tz	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what is south by java head about 
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0r8xk4f	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/05d465r	www.freebase.com/base/givennames/given_name/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What was the gender of fantasia
www.freebase.com/m/0gk3l6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z5wv	from which english town is charlie elliott from
www.freebase.com/m/0cnxg7v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What soccer position does harry novillo play
www.freebase.com/m/035wcs	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/076t_wk	what is the name of a eurodance artist
www.freebase.com/m/05cnr	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07cz8w	What is an island that is apart of the northern mariana islands?
www.freebase.com/m/0y5d578	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was juice ii released 
www.freebase.com/m/0y5cpf0	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0df219	what is the content type of the album teen of the south?
www.freebase.com/m/02819lb	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre of music is the restless stranger?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq_3ns	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016vm6	who recorded the album musclebound?
www.freebase.com/m/0m8tjky	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dncvpk	which album contains the song poison?
www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04796z0	what are experimental rock albums
www.freebase.com/m/0ndzs0d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what country is martina madaula from?
www.freebase.com/m/03fnvp9	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which region released  sixty nine stereovox
www.freebase.com/m/0gvrk_s	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of movie is aakhri insaaf
www.freebase.com/m/04knq3	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/park_system/member_parks	www.freebase.com/m/06cx6_	What park is a part of the california department of parks and recreation?
www.freebase.com/m/0crssct	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the main language for the movie zombie women of satan
www.freebase.com/m/0271w3l	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01hb9p	who released the album wine colored roses
www.freebase.com/m/030n8_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is the character beregond male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/0bwkjkm	What is the name of the asteroid found in the asteroid belt in 1983?
www.freebase.com/m/0ykr8x	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0lqybc	which version is part of busted
www.freebase.com/m/02rx8mr	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position has mark dickson ever played
www.freebase.com/m/0h36sd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/019rg5	Which country is martin lel from
www.freebase.com/m/03hn7nw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	where does mircea oltean come from
www.freebase.com/m/0b_nkg	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0c16t	in what conflict did john stuart williams participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0lsb5z2	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/039lmpg	john brown is a track from what 1962-1988 release 
www.freebase.com/m/064k65x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of movie is ben and arthur?
www.freebase.com/m/035krv2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which region was human released in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv8gp	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	What is estradiol 1 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/04g08x	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bh76nr	What type of drama is wolf lake
www.freebase.com/m/0fx94x	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the song in the still of the night in?
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0hhrvvf	what is the name of a baseball pitcher 
www.freebase.com/m/027nvjf	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/03_fk9	who is the cinematographer for all the invisible children
www.freebase.com/m/02dksg4	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	which license does shiredrafthorse hold 
www.freebase.com/m/01p7b3w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	who is charlie mariano
www.freebase.com/m/0gdl63g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where was nathalie love born
www.freebase.com/m/04h_kk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02nb6f	What is the death place of o'moore creagh
www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mtf4n	who belongs to the record label mercury records
www.freebase.com/m/0dxyd5l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030n4mq	which release was lemon on
www.freebase.com/m/05ts08	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/078tg	which religion does ustad atta mohammed noor practice
www.freebase.com/m/0t555v6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	what state is area code 973 from
www.freebase.com/m/03s40gl	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what type of license does  soft drink shelf have
www.freebase.com/m/05dhj5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0j7ng	where was alan thompson born?
www.freebase.com/m/0lvssjs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0kv5t	Where did bill ross die?
www.freebase.com/m/01d_35s	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kw64fb	what track is part of poison
www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/027dkzx	Name a voice actor.
www.freebase.com/m/03gbsdy	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/025nq8	Who is an artist of radioio 90s rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv459	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/05f_p3	Name an active ingredient in clomipramine hydrochloride.
www.freebase.com/m/040s53_	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0508w_	who made the game super robot wars mx
www.freebase.com/m/05sd_r	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0rkkv	Where did the battle of pensacola take place
www.freebase.com/m/06_5m24	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	Where is the fairfield inn located
www.freebase.com/m/01qxk41	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01rww3	What label is little wings signed to?
www.freebase.com/m/0dfwg8	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/foal_if_this_horse_is_sire	www.freebase.com/m/02qq7gk	Who is the son of swaps?
www.freebase.com/m/0zfz9dr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03khn	where was lotta lindroos given birth to
www.freebase.com/m/07z0x79	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is the occupation of peter esmonde
www.freebase.com/m/05q64yc	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country did mask of the avenger come from
www.freebase.com/m/02853nt	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_team/division	www.freebase.com/m/031fsz	what division is alabama crimson tide mens basketball?
www.freebase.com/m/06_1_st	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/02wj4z	who is the architect of  biltmore estate office
www.freebase.com/m/0b_sm43	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is dieter kirchlechner's gender
www.freebase.com/m/02z1lwc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09jp3	Which city was raffaele sansone born in
www.freebase.com/m/06l2q6	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country does walter a. haas have citizenship in
www.freebase.com/m/03f2n48	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0jwk8_k	Who is the child of richard jones (bassist)?
www.freebase.com/m/0f9v1v	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/09j9h	What job does the character ghost have?
www.freebase.com/m/042gj3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c17	what indian city is t. p. kailasam from
www.freebase.com/m/01bk7s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01bgy3	Which state is coba located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04w7fnb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What kind of book is green calder grass
www.freebase.com/m/058f4n	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/01zbtv	what ngo did doug wead found?
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/072tkc	Who is an actress born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02gl9l	who makes dance music?
www.freebase.com/m/04wgpbp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is the topic of the book george harrison?
www.freebase.com/m/0bcr6c	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	what is laura shapiro kramer's literary profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03c4l85	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what was gerrit paape's career?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrshx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what netflix genre is luciano pavarotti: the last tenor?
www.freebase.com/m/03ckhjc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/028v3	What type of book is paloma?
www.freebase.com/m/04ylkbg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what type of book binding is used for captivating: a guided journal
www.freebase.com/m/04w60cn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	what is the subject of the new anti-semitism?
www.freebase.com/m/0wbnk37	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02m77	where did robert paterson die
www.freebase.com/m/0r5t9gp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where was charlotte polizzi born
www.freebase.com/m/06w4pf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is christine devine female or male
www.freebase.com/m/01556g	www.freebase.com/food/candy_bar_manufacturer/candy_bars	www.freebase.com/m/03wkn5	What candy is made by nestle
www.freebase.com/m/01nkhqm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017ht	what kind of music does bally jagpal make?
www.freebase.com/m/0clfwc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01n3bm	what was patricia janus's cause of death
www.freebase.com/m/013t9y	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0hz6p04	what film did george miller direct
www.freebase.com/m/0k5_q4n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n1hq8r	what is the title track from baptism
www.freebase.com/m/034jx0g	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0tm_sj	what is a track from hennes bästa (disc 1)
www.freebase.com/m/0nflf26	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what is the type of the album a state of trance 550?
www.freebase.com/m/0507vd	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/03jxw	Who was jean-pierre melville named after?
www.freebase.com/m/04yctrx	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/064mzrr	What is a film gilles carle directed?
www.freebase.com/m/03wb6rt	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03c8hzw	Who directed dam street
www.freebase.com/m/063j21	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04gmlt	What label is andy khachaturian with
www.freebase.com/m/0fldjy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vjs6	what kind of a film is the spirit?
www.freebase.com/m/0r785	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/05q8db_	what tourist attractions are found in santa rosa, california?
www.freebase.com/m/01msq1	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0281sj5	what compositions are by gian carlo menotti?
www.freebase.com/m/0274c1l	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where in new york did george bagby die
www.freebase.com/m/027cfd2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	which asian country is yersey within
www.freebase.com/m/0wy8kbj	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what is josé maría gutiérrez santos's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03y157w	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	What star system can you expect to find 9392 cavaillon?
www.freebase.com/m/0cjnkq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music is sweat a river, live no lies?
www.freebase.com/m/0cpz_0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/09vg70	What label signed daníel Ágúst haraldsson?
www.freebase.com/m/0sqhl	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what is the time zone that you can find melody hill in 
www.freebase.com/m/04t0g5c	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what types of book is a voice in the wind
www.freebase.com/m/0g4ngxq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is school rules: how they help us filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0134s5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/026ww4_	which label company is acdc signed to
www.freebase.com/m/01mrn5h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what city did the artist  betty roché originate from
www.freebase.com/m/033dvv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is thomas lowndes's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/02z729s	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/05t_y_k	What's a character in breaking dawn
www.freebase.com/m/043mtv	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0bjqb9	What author did anita desai inspire
www.freebase.com/m/02qjqz8	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dmzsy	Where was johannes rebmann pronounced dead?
www.freebase.com/m/097r5z	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/01rbz6	Name one of the breton people
www.freebase.com/m/0gbzs45	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Dinky Doo's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04mzr3l	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03mstc	Who produced rock odyssey?
www.freebase.com/m/05qhxxg	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vhpwk	what book was published by perfection learning prebound
www.freebase.com/m/05tzwj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d05w3	which asian nation is hailar located in?
www.freebase.com/m/026gjbl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is charlie russell male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03fhvc8	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	How was dirty rotten lp released?
www.freebase.com/m/05h6xvm	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0ply0	what neighborhood is wadeview park a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0b6k5zx	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/01f8hf	what film is from the company brandywine productions
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/075pg86	Which male character was raised from the dead in the new testament story?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrnqx	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mm0h_5	which track list is in the release king of pop: the new zealand collection
www.freebase.com/m/0gwgk3	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02wcvwn	Name a parent of la troienne
www.freebase.com/m/0dypbr	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specialization_of	www.freebase.com/m/01k1x3t	What is tv personality a specialization of
www.freebase.com/m/09vwf94	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0sf9_	what is the location of michael w. leighton's death?
www.freebase.com/m/0ns4q0c	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0ns4pyk	what release has the track bulletproof
www.freebase.com/m/02wv6th	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/0j63y1k	What is the name of a bakery in scottsdale, arizona?
www.freebase.com/m/06b3vsn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was chicago poems written in
www.freebase.com/m/03h5xsg	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	Which genre of story is first contact
www.freebase.com/m/0wg9t7p	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0w0l5dl	which season of what show is the episode jungle fever from
www.freebase.com/m/03jbny8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is jordin sparks from
www.freebase.com/m/06w97fg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released christabel
www.freebase.com/m/036syq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0262nms	What is located on bourke street, melbourne?
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qct32	what is an example of a book i the realm of science fiction
www.freebase.com/m/04g51	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/071fcb	Name a piece of literature. 
www.freebase.com/m/04qhdf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/086k3m	what is a radio station owned by cumulus media
www.freebase.com/m/015v0h	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0676043	What is a book that is about arabic name
www.freebase.com/m/0wyjkmp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is amnaat luukjan
www.freebase.com/m/01qttvb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/012lv4b	What's a song made by kinya kotani
www.freebase.com/m/024rns	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	What is Hussein Bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	www.freebase.com/location/country/official_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what is the official language of pakistan 
www.freebase.com/m/0pb84_n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is john becker from
www.freebase.com/m/03y1d7q	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/0392f4	who made the discovery of 45261 decoen?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwh58v	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0dlv0	where was the moolchand fertility and ivf centre founded
www.freebase.com/m/04ggc15	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is world heroes perfect
www.freebase.com/m/0gbvkp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/018lbg	Where did steven lee olsen originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/035nhrk	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what medium was mourir pour des idées released on?
www.freebase.com/m/06zf0h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04w0rd	who wrote the master
www.freebase.com/m/025sl7r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0479xqg	What is the name of an album from the artist monrose
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dd90r_	Which film is a drama?
www.freebase.com/m/0767_x	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/0c00z1t	What city is near the ercan international airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0b_lqdg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nation is jonathan ryland from?
www.freebase.com/m/0wh3fht	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0wjr5zs	what is a track from the recording ethiopia
www.freebase.com/m/0f8193m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fm74m8	what is the name of the release that had the recording titled piano
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02rlz3_	name an album by George Canyon
www.freebase.com/m/03ppx	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/015bvl	Which was author was helen keller influenced by?
www.freebase.com/m/04650nt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of keith runcorn
www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/0hfp	Which language family is the arabic language in
www.freebase.com/m/0cwph8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/060__y	What genre of film is the emperor's new clothes?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdmcs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/028rk	who is the primary subject in the written work  assessing the adversary
www.freebase.com/m/09k62bl	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0mv97	who is lenny mancini's child?
www.freebase.com/m/01nlks	www.freebase.com/user/micahsaul/advertising/ad_campaign_type/campaigns_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0_jvlxm	What is the name of a public service announcement?
www.freebase.com/m/02hm3_l	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	who published the ready 2 rumble boxing: round 2 game?
www.freebase.com/m/0sxjf	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	what genre is the book a passage to india
www.freebase.com/m/04vc3nk	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/0ddcb	Who is the author of the book main street
www.freebase.com/m/04fmwm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kinds of game is rumble roses
www.freebase.com/m/02w01p9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0frxx0k	what is a song by the indelicates 
www.freebase.com/m/06blsr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0577d	where was konrad raiser born
www.freebase.com/m/0dz5jhh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/012_dhx	whats the name of a track that was on the release  back to mine: underworld
www.freebase.com/m/0gn4m0	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mw1	Which industry is programma international part of
www.freebase.com/m/0ryt2dr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0z8rf	Where was david thompson born
www.freebase.com/m/01ld27p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre of music is what makes a man start fires??
www.freebase.com/m/019sc	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/01nw62	what is a dog breed that is black?
www.freebase.com/m/03m741n	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02z258l	who produced hamlet 2
www.freebase.com/m/0fxgv9r	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/011_ww	What musician wrote waiting for the end
www.freebase.com/m/03c2lnf	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/soundtracks	www.freebase.com/m/0fdknvp	What is the soundtrack from the videogame valkyrie of the battlefield: gallian chronicles
www.freebase.com/m/025rxjb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/02q_vh4	what episode did tom ray direct
www.freebase.com/m/0jxrpsk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of phenylalanine
www.freebase.com/m/01l1llc	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bgk8mr	what film does martin hayes make music for?
www.freebase.com/m/03bc9b8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0km93n1	what's a track listed on fidos summer fun, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/02pkchh	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is naperville township in
www.freebase.com/m/0m_8m7x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g7gyyd	Who released the track poison?
www.freebase.com/m/08wwp7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jhr	what genre of music is found on fillmore west 1969: the complete recordings
www.freebase.com/m/0bfjt5	www.freebase.com/education/academic/departments_old	www.freebase.com/m/0dgf61v	What department is robert stalnaker a part of
www.freebase.com/m/05nf7h1	www.freebase.com/base/survivor/survivor_episode/survivors_awarded_with_immunity	www.freebase.com/m/05pmcr	Who was awarded immunity in the survivor episode exile island
www.freebase.com/m/04cxfh6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0vv0mvw	Which breed of dog has the colors of liver & white
www.freebase.com/m/0wspt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	Where would you find passaic
www.freebase.com/m/03_gd	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/08tyfg	what films did james cameron write?
www.freebase.com/m/0lwmz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	What is the sweet hereafter?
www.freebase.com/m/018s6c	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	What language do israelis speak
www.freebase.com/m/0l9gyz9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0p1j0d	what is the release track of china called 
www.freebase.com/m/0prx6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	What kind of music is boards of canada
www.freebase.com/m/04v7psn	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0dt43d	Who was the publisher for hannibal rising?
www.freebase.com/m/0gxbs8r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released worse than war 
www.freebase.com/m/07k3zl	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01pjr7	Who directed the film analyze that
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jhx7b	What's an album by tech n9ne
www.freebase.com/m/02w1b3b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is valentyn slyusar a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/083h5m	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_coach/team	www.freebase.com/m/03mb1nb	which team does bob huggins coach
www.freebase.com/m/03sgdr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	where in new york was  suzanne kaaren born
www.freebase.com/m/027dg98	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/07_8h	What constellation is hd 72108 a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01p5b6	What kind of alcohol is allowed on diet of veganism?
www.freebase.com/m/07k4ht_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is felix gilman a male or a female 
www.freebase.com/m/0h656nz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is shiria khatun male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/05zkc1s	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is dizzy sutherland male or female
www.freebase.com/m/02t84g	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/02qq5pq	who is the creator of the altered beast game
www.freebase.com/m/0lntgk_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0lj562	The release track cardiac arrest is from what body of work
www.freebase.com/m/0xsbj	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/07tf64	what event occurred in bound brook, new jersey
www.freebase.com/m/07yt8m	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was the big easy filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/025stgn	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0198dl	What ethnic group did second seminole war involve?
www.freebase.com/m/0k42n	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/01t265	who wrote the story for the film safety last!
www.freebase.com/m/0fk6x4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is ludwig suthaus male or female
www.freebase.com/m/02_sxj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01rskq	who was born in east coker?
www.freebase.com/m/02mgdt	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/07tf8	What type of school is university of greenwich?
www.freebase.com/m/06w3x82	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what genre does the artist jeff friedl perform?
www.freebase.com/m/0140zx	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/kingdom	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	which european kingdom did john vi of portugal ruled over?
www.freebase.com/m/0wy4sxy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is john salmon a notable example of
www.freebase.com/m/02bmp1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02x7f7d	what college is in taguig?
www.freebase.com/m/0zn2qz8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dbq_n	what kind of tv show is i am a singer
www.freebase.com/m/0dz_rqb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01677wm	what is a song that came from the release handy man
www.freebase.com/m/02vwgq7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	who is garrett olson 
www.freebase.com/m/0ftsk9w	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is sweden 
www.freebase.com/m/02dk8v	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03kbr	Which religion does m. g. ramachandran practice
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01p279_	Name an artist from the indie rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/04wcw3d	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0866r	What is the subject of the book weather words and what they mean
www.freebase.com/m/01hvqdm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	What type of music is song to a seagull?
www.freebase.com/m/0cqm0j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04_xq1	alife, campania is contained by what province
www.freebase.com/m/04j11jp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what netflix genre is que familia mas normal
www.freebase.com/m/05xqs3	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wj26l	what did david aldridge write
www.freebase.com/m/07s4l	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/047tc52	What priest died of typhoid fever in Trier, Germany?
www.freebase.com/m/0p3q4l4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04cjn	where was junaid khan born
www.freebase.com/m/0w06l_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of anna eklund?
www.freebase.com/m/01x3g	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03mb53s	whats the name of book on the subject of criminology
www.freebase.com/m/0487l30	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0vbk	Where is jethro located at?
www.freebase.com/m/0827d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_bd8	What's a world music film on netlfix
www.freebase.com/m/0bjksk	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/025tjcb	what type of school is central high school
www.freebase.com/m/03jj2rm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of live at sweet basil, volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/02w64yd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language was the film the life of reilly made in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrxwm	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	what is the route of the drug coal tar topical gel 12.5 gel?
www.freebase.com/m/0m6cfr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w88m0	which musician recorded philadelphia
www.freebase.com/m/0kynrmg	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/0xqk	what is the name of the game that has a version titled sid meiers alpha centauri
www.freebase.com/m/0r59h4t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is marie-jeanne orona from
www.freebase.com/m/0j63kjy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	whats language is spoken in the movie mingo y aníbal, dos pelotazos en contra
www.freebase.com/m/03f_0b3	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album content is sings for america?
www.freebase.com/m/03c7rtg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country produces city of water
www.freebase.com/m/0n44j	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0274qxy	what city is located in hyde county
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0r5yk0b	Which male character is from the film la Folie Du Doute?
www.freebase.com/m/03g0fdr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01yybl	who recorded the close of a chapter?
www.freebase.com/m/03cnfmt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What genre is the film his private life?
www.freebase.com/m/06gypy	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/governing_body	www.freebase.com/m/015dvh	who is the governing body of pipe spring national monument
www.freebase.com/m/083shs	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b64mc5	who was the film art direction by in the movie  the cider house rules
www.freebase.com/m/04lh6	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/02qpfc2	whats the title of a newspaper that circulates  liverpool
www.freebase.com/m/04mx8h	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position did the football player josé luís play
www.freebase.com/m/0f36v_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	which country is halfdan rasmussen from
www.freebase.com/m/0gkczn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in vroom vroom
www.freebase.com/m/0156q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/033xkm	Who is someone that was born in berlin?
www.freebase.com/m/0607jb	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of content album is a sides win: singles 1992–2005?
www.freebase.com/m/026ywtq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01zfrt	where was shana haji born?
www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cf08	What's a boxing movie available on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0b6wrjl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is spoken in sin cargo
www.freebase.com/m/0_6jnl9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nk_5n4	what recording was hard times from?
www.freebase.com/m/05y3qm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language was used in the film a bell for adano
www.freebase.com/m/052ryl	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what kinds of school is academy of richmond county
www.freebase.com/m/0hzmn5w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	where is the uyarthiru 420 from
www.freebase.com/m/033zlk	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0j14s6t	who is a character from the play life of galileo
www.freebase.com/m/0bzltd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what gender is aileen paterson?
www.freebase.com/m/01zkhz	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/03yrrg_	what artist created mixed media 
www.freebase.com/m/03hr4j6	www.freebase.com/wine/wine/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country produces 2004 chatom sierra foothills estate zinfandel
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fsh1b3	Name a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/03b1_v2	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/013m5sr	what was one of the songs on free spirit
www.freebase.com/m/04zxbyz	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does  daishiro miyazaki play in football
www.freebase.com/m/02w4d0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y3zy	Where was joseph griffo born
www.freebase.com/m/01vwjg6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f1pv5n	what song is by road heroes project
www.freebase.com/m/043lm_s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01t12z	where is fresh pond
www.freebase.com/m/05lls	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04gjyrt	what artist sings opera?
www.freebase.com/m/05h2vk7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country owns wise quacks
www.freebase.com/m/04fpvs	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0j7lmyh	who is a woman born in mariupol
www.freebase.com/m/018vh_q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qhzks	who is the performer of amsterdam
www.freebase.com/m/0jkw5s1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what kind of genre is das millionenspiel
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/052w4sx	Name a cvg game that falls under the horror genre
www.freebase.com/m/0kfb8b5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What kind of film is private universe
www.freebase.com/m/01khcrs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02x2g6n	what is the album of blackhawk (band)
www.freebase.com/m/04czfmm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lnfy	which city was hakeem kae-kazim born
www.freebase.com/m/02hrdq	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07_f2	What is the name of a state that hoosic river runs through
www.freebase.com/m/0b_qycr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does aleksandr lebedev do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/02q7w7c	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	which hand does hockey player fabian brunnström shoots with?
www.freebase.com/m/046kdy	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06w2rgq	Which film did richard connell write?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtvjhh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does jorge valderrama play in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0g0c2th	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mw62_5	what album is jefferson street found on
www.freebase.com/m/08g9p4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of fiction is hawkes harbor
www.freebase.com/m/085w4	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/07649t	which event was part of winter war
www.freebase.com/m/0175nc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is kleines dickes müller from?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kqwsl	What is an album written by Johannes Brahms
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0fh5lj	who is the artist of  indie rock
www.freebase.com/m/02cp5f	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k7z9x	who produced westworld
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0dz80j	what is a composition song 
www.freebase.com/m/0b6gq5r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is casey's shadow
www.freebase.com/m/0l0r5xg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0v0lvc	which record is part of gold
www.freebase.com/m/02qj3cs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rng	Where is Stuart Beedie born?
www.freebase.com/m/07q1v4	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/04f46k7	What's a movie that mark isham wrote the music for
www.freebase.com/m/0229w1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01yl6n	what province is hrubieszów located in
www.freebase.com/m/02hm39n	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/0wxp	what platform is b-1 nuclear bomber played on?
www.freebase.com/m/02q8_0d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what gameplay mode does dance dance revolution supernova 2 have
www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w9rlt	which book's subject is music
www.freebase.com/m/078sj4	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4c2	who is the cinematographer for syriana
www.freebase.com/m/03zb2m	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what is the profession of gösta ekman
www.freebase.com/m/09k6lff	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0tk02	Where was harold robert perry born
www.freebase.com/m/0m47hc3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f0_xk7	soul train is a track on what recording?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02r27b5	what is a 1977 album
www.freebase.com/m/0b7dh1j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What kind of film is fireball forward?
www.freebase.com/m/03ynppz	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/07xr3w	Who is the cinematographer that contributed to making the film who's been sleeping in my bed?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftx68	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/027_xdy	Which scottish cuisine cheese is a sheep milk cheese?
www.freebase.com/m/0j941c4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0k2cqm0	which season of the ellen degeneres show is mario lopez from?
www.freebase.com/m/01fx6h	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/07bch9	what race is ali macgraw
www.freebase.com/m/0109fz0	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/01d_mzl	what is the single of komodo called
www.freebase.com/m/0c7y5w	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	which fictional universe does garth ranzz appear in?
www.freebase.com/m/016jny	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02x66b1	What is an example of a folk rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/01515d	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/082h5n	which comic book character has power of flight
www.freebase.com/m/04jdh67	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01d8k5	What genre best describes big revenge
www.freebase.com/m/0dpwgsx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01cvng	who released belfast
www.freebase.com/m/0_6ghjq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is between us in
www.freebase.com/m/06br8	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/type_of_rugby/players_of_this_type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/0b9j5p	who played rugby union?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4m8wn	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what region in the world was travelin' light with sam pilafian & friends released in 
www.freebase.com/m/0cdhvk	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/locale	www.freebase.com/m/094jv	Where is the carrollton viaduct bridge located?
www.freebase.com/m/05rdw6	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is the ethnicity of ray lankford?
www.freebase.com/m/0nh0v_n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016jts	Which artist recorded vanity?
www.freebase.com/m/09vbmd	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sex	www.freebase.com/m/0c0ygc	is dream well a stallion or a mare
www.freebase.com/m/074c0h	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	Under what title did Netflix label the film hostel?
www.freebase.com/m/0g34qs3	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	is invisible violence a compact disc or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/01p5t9h	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zqht22	What composition did Paddy McAloon do?
www.freebase.com/m/02vw2b6	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/05zm_0s	which company produced traitor?
www.freebase.com/m/097vj4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_h73	where was charles haskins townsend born
www.freebase.com/m/03lzy8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/026ql7m	what is an album that was done by impaled nazarene
www.freebase.com/m/027j60	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/0674bc	what body of water can be found in county cavan
www.freebase.com/m/0w1txbh	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was brave new river released?
www.freebase.com/m/01npnsb	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbx8w	What is some content from the artist toronto
www.freebase.com/m/07cfwjx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	what kind of program was frannie's turn?
www.freebase.com/m/0239lt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	what is stanisław ignacy witkiewicz's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0dfzg6n	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country is the god provides film produced
www.freebase.com/m/0799b4j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/0799b47	what was the episode before chicago
www.freebase.com/m/07gwzy	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is vicki van meter male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7yxt	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is 2045 peking?
www.freebase.com/m/04vd_97	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where was sons and lovers (penguin student editions) released for publication 
www.freebase.com/m/030czv	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0hpcrbg	who is the son of eric blore
www.freebase.com/m/01ty9tq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpynz	What is the profession that david bendeth is known for
www.freebase.com/m/0g7z202	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g7z206	What tracks are on the release speak now?
www.freebase.com/m/02yqq	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/02csct	who is a character in fahrenheit 451
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04647kh	What's an indie film from 1982
www.freebase.com/m/05qhvf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01_thm	who authored possession: a romance
www.freebase.com/m/0rk2c16	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01bczm	who is the singer of all for love (os 3 mosqueteiros)
www.freebase.com/m/02x6xqs	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	What genre is ultimate kylie
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqdzm	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/07ndr3	which company manufactures temazepam 22.5 capsule
www.freebase.com/m/0808gz6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was the movie invocation of my demon brother released
www.freebase.com/m/0bhfxh	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpynz	what is paul leary known for in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/01rb_x8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is mandy smith
www.freebase.com/m/0150v2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/012ww_	Where did dionysius of halicarnassus die
www.freebase.com/m/0145z85	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01kch1n	who recorded little red rooster
www.freebase.com/m/04ypjh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c9pmj8	Who was born in greiz
www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j1bb9	which move is japanese language in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/05h3rsm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05swyh	where was théodore botrel born
www.freebase.com/m/01jcnv2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	in what format is legend: the best of toto album presented
www.freebase.com/m/0vgkd	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d4v4z	Name a movie that is considered a black comedy
www.freebase.com/m/0f0ch	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_flavor/drugs_with_this_flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0hql_kk	which drug has a cinnamon flavor
www.freebase.com/m/05dy2_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is peter watts a boy or girl
www.freebase.com/m/075rmgm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/06xltj	where is rowena ravenclaw from
www.freebase.com/m/0dm33_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01pj7	what is the nationality of gustav gavrin?
www.freebase.com/m/06wqzz	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0js_xd	Who wrote the film 800 bullets
www.freebase.com/m/02r9w72	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	Where was lorne lofsky born?
www.freebase.com/m/017l96	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05hb42	who's a gospel singer signed to capitol records
www.freebase.com/m/0n7_v9l	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0pc5dt	what album is the title track little red rooster from
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wcrzt	what is a book about adventure 
www.freebase.com/m/0jwxdh1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which county is Tukaram filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crwv1s	Which movie is a documentary film?
www.freebase.com/m/0fx4zx3	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what format is the release daybreak?
www.freebase.com/m/07lq2y	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_ssl	What position did basketball player tom tolbert play?
www.freebase.com/m/0h870ns	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0kvsb	who was the female actress that directed the reluctant fundamentalist?
www.freebase.com/m/0499xs2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	what state is gilpin farms in
www.freebase.com/m/0178g	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_manufacturer/aircraft_models_made	www.freebase.com/m/0j54d0y	which aircraft is produced by boeing
www.freebase.com/m/02ppd0s	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what guitar does thescamp play
www.freebase.com/m/08lw9_	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what system is  517 edith apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0hc9frc	www.freebase.com/film/film_casting_director/films_casting_directed	www.freebase.com/m/07b2jc	what films did ed arenas direct the casting for?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm170l	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02tkzn	who is a parent of matthew asner?
www.freebase.com/m/0tlnjl9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_jn66j	what is a song on the recording history (home cassette demo)
www.freebase.com/m/02hxf2y	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	where is varhadi-nagpuri language spoken
www.freebase.com/m/04l40p	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22gd	What kind of netflix film is bad lieutenant?
www.freebase.com/m/017tmn	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0jwkcjv	which art style is laszlo moholy-nagy associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/03fz_w4	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ws2g5	what musician created rhythm 'n' country
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/08l_lp	Name a asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/0h3t_y_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What genre is the tv show gdgd fairies?
www.freebase.com/m/02pkqk5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What's a gameplay mode in starshatter: the gathering storm
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gmcjx8	Who is a notable defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/038f70f	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0msvrd	what is a song included in sticks and stones
www.freebase.com/m/0nmfrnz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wcp_g	which artist recorded hard times
www.freebase.com/m/072lff	www.freebase.com/award/award_discipline/awards_in_this_discipline	www.freebase.com/m/0b3y532	What's an award given for paranormal romance books
www.freebase.com/m/031_m3	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/02q58s9	who is the producer of rat race
www.freebase.com/m/038vq0q	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was ataxia released?
www.freebase.com/m/04whv8m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04y5g	what is the topic of truth
www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03z7cd	what locations are in sweden
www.freebase.com/m/017yc8	www.freebase.com/base/events/type_of_festival/recurring_festivals_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0g1vht	what's one event that celebrates the leather subculture
www.freebase.com/m/02ptts7	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h0p_	who influenced edwy searles brooks
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0h656pb	Name someone who is a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/03s9k8	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/06_sc3	what films have paul w. s. anderson written?
www.freebase.com/m/07hnp	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/02lq81	What can the drug thiamine be used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/0h6nd7h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what film genre is musaa: the most wanted?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmj3q	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/04f_d	which city released kkwk
www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0bst9d	What is the name of one of the historic residential neighborhoods in san francisco bay area?
www.freebase.com/m/05sxxnl	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What kind of composition is lalala shiawase no uta
www.freebase.com/m/0zd6	www.freebase.com/computer/computing_platform/file_formats_supported	www.freebase.com/m/07f9dg	what file format is supported by macintosh 
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0bhb__n	Who was an oberst in world war ii?
www.freebase.com/m/0cz8wqy	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	What genre is the album personal life?
www.freebase.com/m/0p76z	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0fqffmx	what label does jethro tull (band) record under
www.freebase.com/m/0yc38hw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01txv3p	who recorded arkansas?
www.freebase.com/m/047nk_z	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what format does billboard top rock'n'roll hits: 1958 album have
www.freebase.com/m/02z6c_d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	What genre does the album mona – the carnivorous circus belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0dk6ld	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What does douglas campbell do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/06fllv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What nationality is james deahl
www.freebase.com/m/0_wngc_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dt1cm	which artist is featured on play hard
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hns6q6	name a professional film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/06f41	www.freebase.com/sports/sport/teams	www.freebase.com/m/09tmdv7	Name a rowing team from Oxford
www.freebase.com/m/0b9t5tv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is sven pape known for
www.freebase.com/m/09gdm7q	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02hxc3j	which language is spoken in the whistleblower
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjlj1	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/02xwb	What flavor is antacid 500 chewable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/092_jw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	what kind of written work is the border legion
www.freebase.com/m/03y1jdl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	which asteroid group contains 8494 edpatvega
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bwdkn9	What would be called a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/05p0_1_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01srwb	Who is the artist that created stan getz and j.j. johnson at the opera house
www.freebase.com/m/02t4yc	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	What is western kentucky university 's color?
www.freebase.com/m/02q383r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What is the little chenier genre 
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bqs83t	Name a war film.
www.freebase.com/m/093p45	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22cg	What is the netflix genre of the wild blue yonder?
www.freebase.com/m/0_65vt9	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/077rj	who wrote the lyrics to someone woke up?
www.freebase.com/m/02l6d7	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/04gnnsp	What's a building designed in queen anne style architecture
www.freebase.com/m/0cc7x	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5s8l	which netflix genre does soylent green belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05zy_tt	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_subject	www.freebase.com/m/07hl9	what is the art subject of portrait of sir thomas more
www.freebase.com/m/0279ms4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	Which country was flickering lights released in
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/07cdv4g	what is an adventure film on television
www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0n7z0hg	Which female was born in paris?
www.freebase.com/m/09ghmhw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was the end of the line filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/0q8gf8y	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was the cosmic egg released in
www.freebase.com/m/05n03fv	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0grs5ny	what character did erin hunter create?
www.freebase.com/m/0fgff8k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/engineer	www.freebase.com/m/03f3cx4	Who engineered the song distopia?
www.freebase.com/m/0fk_p82	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mmkdv2	what is a song included in andorra / moonstruck
www.freebase.com/m/03d16t	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/09w_x_	which movie is tim lahaye a film contributor to
www.freebase.com/m/01kh2yp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was the beautiful letdown
www.freebase.com/m/01kg3c7	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country released kasmodiah
www.freebase.com/m/0jw3dm1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What country is ulisses cohn originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtqmp	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/037xy	what dosage form does helium oxygen mixture 0.8/0.2 gas come in
www.freebase.com/m/0c8slf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is todd collins (quarterback) from
www.freebase.com/m/01pr0sd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0snty	In which city in Ohio is defiance, ohio from?
www.freebase.com/m/03j6xtg	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was form of 16 biggest hits
www.freebase.com/m/0nflv	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03hkyyl	what is a township located in bollinger county?
www.freebase.com/m/01f2gjw	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05hbdy	which artist recorded summerwine?
www.freebase.com/m/09gf4y7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02jjt	Which style of tv program is bulgaria's got talent?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3ghl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0y3_8	What type of music does heidi montag play
www.freebase.com/m/05mjm4	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/06614b	what organization did washington atlee burpee found 
www.freebase.com/m/0bh0sn	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/09pghjv	what film was lennie hayton the music contributor of
www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0fh_ts	what is an example of a strategy video game
www.freebase.com/m/07k6y63	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f04v	Where was john ellis born?
www.freebase.com/m/0mlc10z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dn84kp	grape is the release track from what body of music
www.freebase.com/m/0yjrjsx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/08tlx_	who was this american journey directed by 
www.freebase.com/m/0ywx46n	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/024pcx	what nationality is simon vincent?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1z04	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of movie is battle in outer space
www.freebase.com/m/06609pd	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is the second to die film spoken
www.freebase.com/m/0nh06tj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what is the genre of the film don bosco?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv96v	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/07m2hc	which formulation is in nafcillin sodium 2 powder for injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/04ft20	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/026pzzr	Who founded the achimota school
www.freebase.com/m/014_p_2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lqt60r	what track is masterpiece on?
www.freebase.com/m/0bx__bq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discoverer	www.freebase.com/m/038_4_	who discovered (6003) 1988 vo1
www.freebase.com/m/0ld_r5j	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/01ckg58	What's the recorded version of aurora
www.freebase.com/m/0hl17	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_specialty/diseases_treated	www.freebase.com/m/09969	what type of diseases does oncology treat
www.freebase.com/m/02x3xpk	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what is jason romano known for
www.freebase.com/m/04twl3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0ky1	who wrote his last bow
www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0y4jf46	what's the name of the pixie's live album
www.freebase.com/m/026xprn	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04whhvl	What is the name of a book written by ruth gruber
www.freebase.com/m/049_st3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0njvn	where is hollywood located?
www.freebase.com/m/0mztl	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/02smd8	What medical specialty is the disease streptococcal pharyngitis a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0y9cvpq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was theatre of dreams?
www.freebase.com/m/033tjw	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0bfprwt	who is barron hilton's mother 
www.freebase.com/m/05b43c6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Where was high tide filmed at?
www.freebase.com/m/09bv1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/0zd991w	Name a website dealing with the topic of civil liberties
www.freebase.com/m/04w60sx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	What is the subject of the book titled generals
www.freebase.com/m/03ry4l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qnthm	name a track from the elastica release 
www.freebase.com/m/0b1jl2	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0j5ym	what conflict did wei lihuang participate in
www.freebase.com/m/059rby	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04bbwcm	What is the name of a city in new york
www.freebase.com/m/01mp5g9	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zl93l_	what did maria mena compose musically?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1p__	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0gppg	who wrote acornas world?
www.freebase.com/m/03nqy19	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	what is the nationality of hiroshi arikawa
www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/organisms_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bs56bp	Name an American Thoroughbread racehorse 
www.freebase.com/m/01rt2z	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hlpsj	what games did namco develop
www.freebase.com/m/011cv_l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023pdf	who recorded mr. banks is discharged
www.freebase.com/m/06v00f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	what was lucy woodward's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/023q60s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01js2d5	what artist created the album the legendary alberta hunter
www.freebase.com/m/09tb5j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is dovima from?
www.freebase.com/m/04jkf5t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03f2w	where was christian backs born
www.freebase.com/m/0mpgb	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/039tzc	whats a name of a city found in washington county
www.freebase.com/m/0fvw67	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/045hdt	what island group is madeline island a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/04gvbg_	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0sxkw	what airborne division was involved in  battle of najaf
www.freebase.com/m/02s2xy	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/026kbx7	where is İzmir from 
www.freebase.com/m/04v7y6d	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryw5	what is maniac magee known as
www.freebase.com/m/089_x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w69c1	What's a book dealing with the 20th century
www.freebase.com/m/0hj1wvz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_powers/characters_with_this_ability	www.freebase.com/m/02ppyww	What male anime character has the power of mind control?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4wv6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	what type of music is of wars in osyrhia?
www.freebase.com/m/06j2y8	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0g8zw5	who created chuck dixon
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0486qg0	name a town in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0w2rnqt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is visava thaiyanont's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/09h4lr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what film genre is gentlemen of fortune?
www.freebase.com/m/0j9pvsm	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What position does manfred starke play in football?
www.freebase.com/m/02r0nr_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d9y6	Where is artist emarosa originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/04mw219	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is yamaç okur a man or a woman
www.freebase.com/m/0dwxnkt	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is konzerte für violine, violine und oboe, cembali?
www.freebase.com/m/06vwp4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is utilized in the film son of frankenstein
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/091z3k	what musician played heavy metal
www.freebase.com/m/01vs4f3	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/081k8	Who influenced Syd Barrett?
www.freebase.com/m/03j79	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	where in europe was henry bordeaux born in?
www.freebase.com/m/05kcwy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bkbm	What kind of film is mare nostrum?
www.freebase.com/m/026m3vt	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/018p5f	What channel owns the radio station keza
www.freebase.com/m/06417s4	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01vpzg0	who provided the music for the survivors
www.freebase.com/m/0bhb0_z	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is the profession of ernst achenbach?
www.freebase.com/m/030yt7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What was the original language of the written work the austere academy
www.freebase.com/m/022rl8	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/06l8d	roy rogers restaurants in which industry?
www.freebase.com/m/0f3f56	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/03d14k	which shop is named after william hamley?
www.freebase.com/m/03crlwy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	which country is manila adventist medical center and colleges in
www.freebase.com/m/04wckfl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0279kfg	who wrote the book the girl with the golden shoes
www.freebase.com/m/0b7701m	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lckql	who is the artist on fugs 4, rounders score
www.freebase.com/m/0399743	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01cdk2w	which track was in the release reggae... for lovers
www.freebase.com/m/07s3vqk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	Who signed ray charles
www.freebase.com/m/04w4m7t	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what type of book is the poisoner of ptah?
www.freebase.com/m/026fldb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is salvatore the boss maroni?
www.freebase.com/m/0128jdl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0cb9y6	which song is part of extra ordinary
www.freebase.com/m/01nzbnm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpysb	what is tinsleyellis's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/041pg0	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03kbr	what is vijaya lakshmi nehru pandit's creed
www.freebase.com/m/05m84g	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/099n91	what language family is bukharic in?
www.freebase.com/m/02rlwvd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0h0vk	which movement is the visual artist virginia patrone associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw5n4	what movie is short film
www.freebase.com/m/0fwzgq	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/080h2	What city in holy rosary cathedral in
www.freebase.com/m/02x6r5d	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in the year of the mouse
www.freebase.com/m/0gc2b0f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03f2hc	where was nada fiorelli born 
www.freebase.com/m/053rd	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/062sfb	Which mining companies are located in Brazil 
www.freebase.com/m/0pd9pnz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m1xv	What genre of program is the jenny mccarthy show?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0zlhczx	which comedy album was recorded by bob saget?
www.freebase.com/m/04l481c	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_temperament/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/02bp0t	what is an example of an aggressive dog breed
www.freebase.com/m/0gnsqh	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what in the world is yadollah akbari's position
www.freebase.com/m/05mr84n	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language does aaron tveit speak
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01wct44	who is an electronic music artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0jqxk4_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of richard tavares
www.freebase.com/m/0ch4n5y	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what is 25765 heatherlynne
www.freebase.com/m/01lr1g	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vd_f0	what is the latest edition of harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban
www.freebase.com/m/06ftc1	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06vr2	what did henry gray die from?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0kk1h74	which famous boxer died of myocardial infarction?
www.freebase.com/m/0c95v6	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What is a featured location in the film the working class goes to heaven?
www.freebase.com/m/0_d753j	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is misako yasuda
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0j3_41s	who is a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/019s9m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqr5y9	what is the active ingredient in  phosphoric acid
www.freebase.com/m/0h63q8r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is before we met: a collection of old songs
www.freebase.com/m/03cdkmr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what genre is the tv program happy birthday, garfield
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t3d4q	What's a different version of the mystery book cyber spy
www.freebase.com/m/01nmj5r	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/036dg1	who released an album called scissor sisters
www.freebase.com/m/01w49h8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fql3j2	What's a song performed by joe genaro
www.freebase.com/m/0hnqklp	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/015cbq	who is linda hope's father 
www.freebase.com/m/04w4m3k	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09kqc	what type of book is hokum
www.freebase.com/m/0h3qq7r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	Which genre is outside in associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02_jn8	who is an artist in rca records
www.freebase.com/m/0yw4s9d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is doug bedard's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/05c4t3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/05c4t3	What is an active moiety of nalidixic acid
www.freebase.com/m/07183t5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vsy95	who is the artist of the album quartet live
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/026n590	which musician plays punk rock
www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f1kp6	Who is an artist on columbia records
www.freebase.com/m/039dm_d	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	What region was holocausto capitalista released?
www.freebase.com/m/02624b8	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	what is eido tai shimano's religion?
www.freebase.com/m/04bx3hb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	what state is maxwell crossing  in
www.freebase.com/m/03jgz	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/092xx2	Name a professional historian.
www.freebase.com/m/0crsdtq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is classic albums: the band from?
www.freebase.com/m/06rrf8	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0h5xd2	which movie is directed by phillip noyce
www.freebase.com/m/0dmzs1d	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What album content type is gold?
www.freebase.com/m/0dwvy55	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was in the name of love released in
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qk_n3	what is the name of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/02r3gyb	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/02csf	what kind of artwork is luís geraldes?
www.freebase.com/m/027t6s6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02pt27	who composed the battle of epping forest
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/026swqr	what person plays the bass guitar?
www.freebase.com/m/02qlrx7	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0_jq4	where was james ewing's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0gbjddb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which region was jump up! released in
www.freebase.com/m/07l51m8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	which language is two projects by frederick kiesler usually shown in
www.freebase.com/m/06h84g	www.freebase.com/language/language_writing_system/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02dzsc	what is the cursive script used in china for
www.freebase.com/m/01cx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01ptdv	Who is a person born in boston
www.freebase.com/m/02vq5dy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country did essex boys come from
www.freebase.com/m/03q6b9q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hcq	whats the photo titled new jersey 
www.freebase.com/m/03qmt28	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/02r6r21	who edited the film my bloody valentine
www.freebase.com/m/04cjf4r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m7p8cy	what tracks are on hit connection 89
www.freebase.com/m/02q1n6f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where in the US was raylee johnson born
www.freebase.com/m/0shs5sq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0sp9d_h	What song was included in absolute zero
www.freebase.com/m/0h2qwr	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	What baseball position does jack banta play?
www.freebase.com/m/02z9p94	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is david oshinsky?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hn1nr	which rock music album by the rolling stones?
www.freebase.com/m/02blzs	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/variants	www.freebase.com/m/019qws	What is a variant model of the junkers ju 88
www.freebase.com/m/02x2lqc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What was the cause of death of jack ingram?
www.freebase.com/m/0gk79d	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	What's the format of ckga
www.freebase.com/m/03qbd39	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07_m2	which dutch artist painted a peasant woman digging in front of her cottage?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0421h2r	What is an asteroid, discovered in 1930, that orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgqpjs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Which European nation does peter eich belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8v4l	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	What was the journeys of socrates written about?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04n4m7m	Who is a defender on the South Korean football team?
www.freebase.com/m/04cjqbg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dv1rmg	what is a song on in-a-gadda-da-nash
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whn8y	What a book about history?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc5yh	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what type of album is special herbs, vol. 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0nns3c6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01x0yvs	Which artist recorded o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/03m6nk_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljt3	what is virginio vespignani's profession 
www.freebase.com/m/01j53p_	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0372m3v	what release is from steve mcqueen
www.freebase.com/m/06y57	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0464ft9	Who is a notable person born in sydney
www.freebase.com/m/01_3by	www.freebase.com/broadcast/producer/produces	www.freebase.com/m/03gfx5w	what does wnyc produce
www.freebase.com/m/0414_zn	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is nova swing
www.freebase.com/m/01d2wb	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/01pg1t	what films was alan dean foster participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/03g0n43	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f0m08	which artist released superstar?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qztt7	what is the title of a movie whose film genre is a drama
www.freebase.com/m/0jsrtq5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09949m	what was the place of birth of yiğit güralp
www.freebase.com/m/02r2p6h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/parent_institution	www.freebase.com/m/0321m8	What university is cu online a part of
www.freebase.com/m/016lbm	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre is the book jingo?
www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01nnzqb	the content of this album is a remix album.
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/broadcast/genre/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc4fp	Where music mix has electronic music
www.freebase.com/m/01xh3_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/07bch9	what is rachel green's ethnicity 
www.freebase.com/m/0f_zm	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0fqxw	Which provence is zutphen located?
www.freebase.com/m/0fz9w8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what genre does the artist vaughn lal perform in
www.freebase.com/m/0bwjstw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of william patterson alexander
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j2q6c	what is an indie film?
www.freebase.com/m/0bv8k4l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	which country is lee ha-jun from
www.freebase.com/m/0gvsg54	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what type of movie is sky larks?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0jy26n6	Who was a football midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/0j36pc9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Which country was pierre-jean vaillard from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr74y	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	What the route of the drug 6% benzoyl peroxide 3% sulfur 0.069/0.03 gel?
www.freebase.com/m/0crylmc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what types of movie is love trap
www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0q1jsz	what is a song by john williams 
www.freebase.com/m/0455c6h	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05nj3v	what does tabu \\"thick n' sassy\\" magazine write about 
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g4j8g7	What are some musical films
www.freebase.com/m/0ch15hw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is port of missing girls from?
www.freebase.com/m/03416m	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/08gxxh4	What is a book published by farrar, straus and giroux
www.freebase.com/m/0n_w9mm	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0pnhc	who is the subject of the film the four minute mile?
www.freebase.com/m/02pnzdt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is george cecil ives's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04wbg56	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01q7tn	who was the author of the piece chronicles of wasted time
www.freebase.com/m/02xznh	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0h9c	What is the profession of tom gehrels?
www.freebase.com/m/04t0mlv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	WHat's the subject of found
www.freebase.com/m/02rfx45	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is rick schwartz from
www.freebase.com/m/05q9mbj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/043qv	What artist made meditation: solo guitar
www.freebase.com/m/02bg76	www.freebase.com/user/lindenb/default_domain/scientist/worked_with	www.freebase.com/m/02bg6f	Who did james crafts work with
www.freebase.com/m/0c42_62	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03fxfy	where did kaliram medhi die 
www.freebase.com/m/016hrs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0s4fh4	what is a song by
www.freebase.com/m/0k95h	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0gxb2	Name a symptom from hypertension.
www.freebase.com/m/04ygqt2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fr_v	where was felipe enrique neri, baron de bastrop born
www.freebase.com/m/0crwmg6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is coleccion pedro infante: angelitos negros spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhqs9l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r2fs	what is jonwayne's birth location?
www.freebase.com/m/03hj924	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_official/sport	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	what sport did john wood play 
www.freebase.com/m/0xh_5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country locates clark
www.freebase.com/m/0nkt0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/03tkgm	where is jean piaget buried 
www.freebase.com/m/04rc9vn	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	what license does  nikolai rimsky-korsakov hold
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f0h4z	what artist plays alternative rock?
www.freebase.com/m/0fw1vpy	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album sauf le respect que je vous dois...
www.freebase.com/m/03zs0wr	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/03f3040	who was the producer behind gang related 
www.freebase.com/m/039497	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/03gx1r3	where is strathmore found in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhhr2n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what language is 2033 in
www.freebase.com/m/02r7v3g	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	what is the place of birth of thomas peterffy?
www.freebase.com/m/01x1zfk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01jqcm	which district in Scotland is brian mcgee from
www.freebase.com/m/02vs376	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	is Ángel acebes from spain or costa rica
www.freebase.com/m/026v_vw	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22v9	what category would netflix put best foot forward (film) in?
www.freebase.com/m/09v43fz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What game play mode is offered for the game star soldier
www.freebase.com/m/0mlcw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c6db_	which places are located in raleigh county, west virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/0j9mvwx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind album is mto²: new generation
www.freebase.com/m/0b4s10	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What is a gameplay mode supported on disneys kim possible 2: drakkens demise?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2fkq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	what kind of film is kiss daddy goodnight
www.freebase.com/m/04_0ywm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was the cause of death for lia maivia 
www.freebase.com/m/04w59d4	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0gl7c	What is the subject of erotism?
www.freebase.com/m/0k9fm1n	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/02r1x_n	who is the far cry edited by
www.freebase.com/m/0x9r1_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vxqmt	Who recorded whip yo ass?
www.freebase.com/m/06tr5v	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/outflow	www.freebase.com/m/03f_9	Where does lake borgne flow out to
www.freebase.com/m/0bxpvzs	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country was eastwood after hours released in
www.freebase.com/m/073mq9	www.freebase.com/base/nascar/nascar_racing_organization/drivers	www.freebase.com/m/07jcrr	Who is a driver for penske racing?
www.freebase.com/m/0crw3v6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what is the netflix genre of the trip
www.freebase.com/m/04whljh	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	What is the subject of words that hurt, words that heal?
www.freebase.com/m/04wd77m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02pmblp	Which subject is  the book the wonder of boys?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbfmm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is walter wellman male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/01j647	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02w_b7t	who wrote mother india?
www.freebase.com/m/0vbljzj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	What genre is the album futures?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs7ww1	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03kbr	what religion is bratya basu a believer of
www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d4rk1	what novel is written by James Kelman
www.freebase.com/m/025vx66	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/06w92	where did greek–punic wars take place?
www.freebase.com/m/01f38z	www.freebase.com/people/place_of_interment/interred_here	www.freebase.com/m/034thv	Which cemetery was woodlawn cemetery buried
www.freebase.com/m/08c8q0	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	What position did pat moran play?
www.freebase.com/m/01ncvnt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0dlqv	where is lucybell originally from
www.freebase.com/m/0fnpj	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01n67tq	which american dj is famous for remixes and is a keyboard player 
www.freebase.com/m/059cnpn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0g6p2	what's one of the topics in the apron book
www.freebase.com/m/0gxbjgn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country released the movie under the skin
www.freebase.com/m/0bdlj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0dmk0vq	what is an album that duke ellington released? 
www.freebase.com/m/0q75wqs	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format does super mario hits come in
www.freebase.com/m/02x69zy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dp90	patrick mills was born in what Australian city
www.freebase.com/m/0fxq134	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0msm8zx	what is a track off the pre-apocalyptic love song album
www.freebase.com/m/059q_z	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04vql8x	whats the name of the book edition from the original work titled living history
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y1f_s	What orbits around the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/09gh9_5	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what kind of album is doraemon tv soundtrack collection released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03b8w8	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02z_20	who impacted the work of charles scott sherrington
www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04q97fn	What's a black-and-white film released in 1963
www.freebase.com/m/04lj476	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0mnzd	Which city was grover gibson born in
www.freebase.com/m/02qxdgd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/010w8y	Which city was Scott Mayle born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0wqsf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	in what state is monticello in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gktkg5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what type of film is woman gambler?
www.freebase.com/m/0qfsk5q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what rock genre does dscover fall under
www.freebase.com/m/02y_wv	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_creator/series_created	www.freebase.com/m/05p38_s	which comic book series did greg rucka create 
www.freebase.com/m/0nh14	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0whqm	What is the name of a city in sherburne county
www.freebase.com/m/027w8gv	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	what war did the battle of simmon's bluff take place during
www.freebase.com/m/027khl8	www.freebase.com/base/natlang/grouped_topic/member_topics	www.freebase.com/m/015p6	what is flock
www.freebase.com/m/0hgkyht	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01nqj	where did action in tarafal bay take place 
www.freebase.com/m/04v_0vb	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	What kind of binding is used on the joy luck club?
www.freebase.com/m/02z14mw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what is andrew k. hay's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/07pzhsf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01q03	What type of film is cabin fever (film)
www.freebase.com/m/02w6s3	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0y66d2p	Who is a progressive house artist
www.freebase.com/m/03y0xcl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what system does 10091 bandaisan belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04850c0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	Where is cherry creek located?
www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/0dwq_w	Who is a male fictional character
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02x35qd	Name a Norwegian military officer involved in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/09wwlj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0ytsvt2	who was born in salvador, bahia
www.freebase.com/m/01l38v4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	What type of music genre is "The Nothing Show"?
www.freebase.com/m/0v38j6t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is sandro silvestri
www.freebase.com/m/0hchp	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02pv6b0	which song is string quartet
www.freebase.com/m/03qpc7q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ady spencer's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/025tqpq	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0426qg	who was involved in the war in somalia?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0glz7my	Which animation did Raoul Servais direct
www.freebase.com/m/0b48gt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	Which state was santonio thomas from
www.freebase.com/m/062j5r	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	who directed the death camp of tolerance
www.freebase.com/m/027rrg_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	WHat is dick keith's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f4ljp1	what is the name of a soundtrack album
www.freebase.com/m/02fbs6	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/0dlcnk	which newspaper circulates through dundas, ontario
www.freebase.com/m/04t1td3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what kind of book is freezer burn
www.freebase.com/m/03h0v_	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01kd3m	What super power does nimrod have
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh_0m	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is azathioprine 50 tablet available
www.freebase.com/m/05f46	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hxrd2	what is a language from niger–congo languages
www.freebase.com/m/07_43s	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/051st7d	who is a father of nina foch
www.freebase.com/m/0kv7vc	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was the chronic bachelor filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0l14qv	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01wbrf2	which scissor sisters member plays the synthesizer? 
www.freebase.com/m/07jqx_	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/03vw9m	what is the format of werc-fm
www.freebase.com/m/04tz90	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0kyt363	what is the game version developed by imagic?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxgzb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	What genre on netflix is guadalupe in?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtv3s	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	what is the netflix genre for un brillante propósito?
www.freebase.com/m/01p2mkn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What country is dettinger from
www.freebase.com/m/03cjdsp	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0xnvg	whats fictional character alex russo's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/01r3l2	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/hub_for	www.freebase.com/m/03979x	Name a hub found in Kahului airport?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/027sdfl	Name a public school in delaware
www.freebase.com/m/049gc	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/03gwg3v	which are the short stories that kurt vonnegut wrote?
www.freebase.com/m/06t6h2	www.freebase.com/award/competitor/competitions	www.freebase.com/m/0d8yp_	What's a competition that carina beduschi took place in
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/09pk7q	Name a female character in the film Diamonds are Forever
www.freebase.com/m/0_jplwf	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0bvzp	who wrote the composition west side story: i have a love
www.freebase.com/m/0bqs8br	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	which language is spoken in megacities
www.freebase.com/m/0gj92w1	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is spoken in the movie the night evelyn came out of the grave
www.freebase.com/m/04kxwk	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05b7q	What nation is no kum-sok from?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0wzxg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mcr_7	what is the release track on a woman and a man 
www.freebase.com/m/06s_mb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02wgfrh	how did sheree north die
www.freebase.com/m/02q7gy8	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	Which instrument is played by aaron colbourne
www.freebase.com/m/03qcvl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What genre of film is playing by heart?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2zllm	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of art is shown in the street pavers
www.freebase.com/m/05z31f_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country filmed the house of naked captives
www.freebase.com/m/0lzrkn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rqnls0	What is the name of a track on the recording aurora?
www.freebase.com/m/0zz33v4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in honor diaries
www.freebase.com/m/03gyhm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5tfx	Which netflix genre is charley varrick found under
www.freebase.com/m/04cr76	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/040rg7l	What's a game that tengen (company) developed for the amiga
www.freebase.com/m/03440l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is mike turner's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04w22y7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what the subject of the di medici bride 
www.freebase.com/m/06lt53g	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d05l6	What is communion with god about?
www.freebase.com/m/04jkzx9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what nationality is stephanie au
www.freebase.com/m/04xbh	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02ww0dj	who did maurice merleau-ponty help to influence
www.freebase.com/m/0h6qg7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was sherlock holmes filmed
www.freebase.com/m/04v39m6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03rx9	what wrote our angry earth?
www.freebase.com/m/02ql2kn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what genre of film is me and the colonel released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0329p4q	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was psy-fi released 
www.freebase.com/m/01mvp9v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What type of music does the browns play?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxkcz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What kind of film is wanted?
www.freebase.com/m/015jdk	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/015jfx	what book did gaston leroux write
www.freebase.com/m/0vf7r4	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0vf81w	what is a version of paris?
www.freebase.com/m/014nym	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/03csst3	what newspaper circulates through tamworth, staffordshire
www.freebase.com/m/02s645	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/parent_disease	www.freebase.com/m/04klctc	what type of disease is strabismus
www.freebase.com/m/09k646	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was myuran sukumaran birthed?
www.freebase.com/m/04vg2d2	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what kind of binding does the book the witches come in
www.freebase.com/m/0fz73r3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/012yc	What kind of music is straight no chaser
www.freebase.com/m/049frqx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what style of music is dead child in?
www.freebase.com/m/0246pl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/previous_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/03xgjd	What was the work before wife of bath in the series?
www.freebase.com/m/0l2xl	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w68rt	What book was published regarding santa clara county
www.freebase.com/m/02hxgr	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0277nyk	Who is one of the founders of fiji airways
www.freebase.com/m/03qncf7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0136zd	which city was frederic richard sullivan born
www.freebase.com/m/03dw7_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre is the artist kovas under?
www.freebase.com/m/02c6pq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country is simon baker from
www.freebase.com/m/07cyl	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/027w5vl	Who edited the film the silence of the lambs?
www.freebase.com/m/05dq10z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/02vpvcs	who directed the tv series the declaration
www.freebase.com/m/04hd4l	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jtwv6	which songs has steve rothery composed
www.freebase.com/m/0ds8bpm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is louis drucke's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/09tg4g	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	what role does bryce salvador play in hockey
www.freebase.com/m/02qv_9g	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/013y1f	what kind of instrument can dean fertita play?
www.freebase.com/m/08548r	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w8fl0	Name a book written by michael levey
www.freebase.com/m/0crxx67	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was fissure filmed
www.freebase.com/m/08jqy5	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what type of school is gaither high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0bvy8l0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of brember wills?
www.freebase.com/m/0dpl_sk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is released by the illusion of progress
www.freebase.com/m/03yb4d2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0npw3	what county and state does liberty township lie in
www.freebase.com/m/0cmbjx3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190yn	what genre music does andre sutherland do?
www.freebase.com/m/0k9v7yr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	how did karl paryla die?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftxq7q	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0drcpbs	Name a version of the panama single
www.freebase.com/m/03xzq5	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/033v6t	what is a hub for air southwest
www.freebase.com/m/0992b4	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/05tgm	what cult does janet farrar practice
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crx1kq	What is the name of a film that could be categorized as an indie film
www.freebase.com/m/0bb51xp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/014gvv3	what recording is mary bell from 
www.freebase.com/m/03gqlll	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is ted goodier male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0hgm6vz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was all-time greatest hits released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04w4smf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	what is the subject of the book four seasons in rome
www.freebase.com/m/01qvbt7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w40h	what is a record released by d-flame
www.freebase.com/m/0c7sg_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is a. b. raj male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03f2dgr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0z4q2t	what is a song by death comesto matteson
www.freebase.com/m/0f2ws3m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01sk7qb	who is the artist for radiation
www.freebase.com/m/05b9g0v	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/04k3dn	what district is hopewell avenue public school a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/09l27d	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/081013	what is the name of a video game of the beat em up collection
www.freebase.com/m/0cy3lz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what is a gameplay mode featured on richard scarrys busytown
www.freebase.com/m/02q1bq4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03902	Where did vincent adler die
www.freebase.com/m/0cs3cl	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/025658d	in what position does mike marson play
www.freebase.com/m/09xykf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the genre of the film jennifer 8
www.freebase.com/m/0t6r_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What is the time zone of ford?
www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0btpzd	which games were developed by atari
www.freebase.com/m/076xws	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/017g21	who was the lyricist for  hey you
www.freebase.com/m/04zp3l	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is kylun's fictional gender
www.freebase.com/m/0np631s	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0qhgyt0	What is the featured released from the evolution album
www.freebase.com/m/06s3hc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What is sana saeed's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/03w5cv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0_qzvtb	who was born in karaj
www.freebase.com/m/01cytr	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/015smg	what industry does kia motors work in
www.freebase.com/m/01t6b4	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/04__tq	jerry bruckheimer was the producer of this biographical film. 
www.freebase.com/m/08h0qv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0296y	what type of music does mick thompson make
www.freebase.com/m/030h8xm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was let your body take over released in
www.freebase.com/m/02rgqsl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is karin knapp's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq6shk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what type of album is noorie?
www.freebase.com/m/02_ks3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	What is the birth place of james aiona
www.freebase.com/m/0dwn7y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of movie is sound and fury?
www.freebase.com/m/027kbx0	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what type of genre is the computer videogame swing
www.freebase.com/m/05pdbs	www.freebase.com/music/engineer/tracks_engineered	www.freebase.com/m/0nrytr	which song did al schmitt help engineer?
www.freebase.com/m/01r_45x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0pmq2	Where is conefive from
www.freebase.com/m/0kvdbl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is why i wore lipstick to my mastectomy
www.freebase.com/m/0c8kzl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is adolfo alsina's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fjf58	what is the name of a bollywood movice
www.freebase.com/m/06yfb7	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/07m861	what are some examples of spanish colonial architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/041yv8	www.freebase.com/food/ingredient/compatible_with_dietary_restrictions	www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	what diet allows you to eat lathyrus sativus
www.freebase.com/m/01914c1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_jdbtf	What is the name of a song off of the shellshock recording
www.freebase.com/m/0bxbdy	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	what language did adolf dygasiński speak
www.freebase.com/m/036bdl6	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	which format is the dreamer released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0sk13d4	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0vz2lvl	What is a track in the renaissance: the masters series, part 12 album? 
www.freebase.com/m/04lfm_w	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What genre is storm the palace
www.freebase.com/m/0k12ww	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07d3fs	which film was produced by david klawans
www.freebase.com/m/02vqth3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzy	This is the city where ivan parlov was born
www.freebase.com/m/0464csb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What job is john spender famous for
www.freebase.com/m/0ch32mx	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	in which major conflict did walter neumann-silkow participate
www.freebase.com/m/08grl8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is greg behrendt from
www.freebase.com/m/02hx4hv	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/088xp	which country speaks the hamba language 
www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0fyd57	what female actress was born in denver, colorado
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jftqx	What is the name of a soundtrack album
www.freebase.com/m/0crrdp6	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/04r63_	summer of the monkeys was written by who
www.freebase.com/m/05cf24	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_character/created_by	www.freebase.com/m/031c3v	who created the comic book character captain cold
www.freebase.com/m/0t_7149	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	which country is cécilia hornus from
www.freebase.com/m/02hml0t	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/game	www.freebase.com/m/041ct2	what is a game version of full spectrum warrior
www.freebase.com/m/06bz3	www.freebase.com/user/alecf/default_domain/audio_program_distribution/shows	www.freebase.com/m/02xlrk1	what show is a radio program?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtfb2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0174xf	what's an active ingredient in anal itch ease
www.freebase.com/m/0l0qls	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0fxqhrq	what is a song off chicago
www.freebase.com/m/05qhfqs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01d2wb	who was the author for the hand of dinotopia
www.freebase.com/m/026wt0j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	What kind of music does the band cachorro grande make
www.freebase.com/m/07zqd5l	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/03nn7l2	which film festival was o’er the land featured in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs214	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What type of drug is tragacanth gum
www.freebase.com/m/02plfs2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains antioch township?
www.freebase.com/m/0r2_1c	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/06nv27	who composed (listen to the) flower people
www.freebase.com/m/04qd96	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0bm4j	where did niko pirosmani finally die
www.freebase.com/m/02vhrr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x9qc7	which tracks were produced by savatage?
www.freebase.com/m/03lftr	www.freebase.com/sports/boxer/weight_division	www.freebase.com/m/03c71d	which weight division does Éder jofre box in
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0255nz	who is an artist that plays rock music 
www.freebase.com/m/0g_w5j	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse_breeder/horses_bred	www.freebase.com/m/0gv_l	which famous racehorse that christopher chenery bred?
www.freebase.com/m/0zlrwp1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what type of composition is greatest-hits
www.freebase.com/m/091y6f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is wandsbek in?
www.freebase.com/m/02jxdd	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/countries_spoken_in	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	seraiki language is spoken in which country?
www.freebase.com/m/0glz6j3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of movie is l´amateur
www.freebase.com/m/04j33k8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country created the film moving target
www.freebase.com/m/0fwwm8b	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	in what region was nadir's big chance released
www.freebase.com/m/0dfz655	www.freebase.com/base/adultentertainment/adult_entertainer/specialises_in_fetishes	www.freebase.com/m/04176n	what is eni
www.freebase.com/m/0f1kg63	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mmqbj3	what song is from the recording big?
www.freebase.com/m/02x00p4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What's keith lamb's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hy15r	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what type of musical composition is undertow
www.freebase.com/m/0bmjls	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what types of movie is the creation of the humanoids
www.freebase.com/m/04n7n7v	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language does roumelia lane speak
www.freebase.com/m/0l1y87f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is kobi jaeger male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01vx9r	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/01jlmz	what books are about theoretical physics?
www.freebase.com/m/0tsz9l7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0sgz3c9	What was the release for the release track wake?
www.freebase.com/m/03y81yq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of space object is 5932 prutkov
www.freebase.com/m/0q9k48t	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0tmmvqv	What is the release track off the release titled high school confidential
www.freebase.com/m/07tyf9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01j4rs	where was el medico born
www.freebase.com/m/03cq_7	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0cljtc	who was the developer of the computer videogame simtower
www.freebase.com/m/0sm7l57	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0sgxq43	What album is closer on?
www.freebase.com/m/01drtb_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lc7f_t	what track is recorded by mexico?
www.freebase.com/m/03f3lnp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02sns2	What genre of music does sunlightsquare perform?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0czb2xm	what is a compilation album?
www.freebase.com/m/034s7b	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/072dkc	which solicitor was of anglo-indian ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0252s_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	which city did vladimir vysotsky die
www.freebase.com/m/0bz_2j	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what profession is elijah mudenda
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/03y775d	What orbits the sun
www.freebase.com/m/03gtd4	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/017jv5	which production company released the film always
www.freebase.com/m/05zp8	www.freebase.com/architecture/building_function/buildings	www.freebase.com/m/03hjz21	which building is a palace as a function
www.freebase.com/m/065989t	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what medium was battle of the golden spurs painted with?
www.freebase.com/m/01wbwn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0h9824s	what city is the romanian former footballer brăila?
www.freebase.com/m/0b0ygn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xmjr	where did raul davila die
www.freebase.com/m/02z729s	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/05lwx_d	What's a character from breaking dawn
www.freebase.com/m/0qhcmqn	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival_event/films	www.freebase.com/m/02dwj	what films were shown at 2013 cinequest film festival?
www.freebase.com/m/02m7gh	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_conference/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0bmdnpg	What team belongs to the america east conference
www.freebase.com/m/0q53hc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02jqjm	which artist recorded africa?
www.freebase.com/m/026y4wx	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02wvgjs	What is an entity involved in siege of aleppo?
www.freebase.com/m/02r2xj7	www.freebase.com/computer/software/developer	www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	who developed messenger mobile
www.freebase.com/m/0gbwr8z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02knxx	how did ruth hall die
www.freebase.com/m/01gjyyf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dyxz	what music genre is street sounds electro 10?
www.freebase.com/m/06r0nd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is in the name of god
www.freebase.com/m/0dz9by	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	where was the movie shoot em up shot
www.freebase.com/m/01wd62	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country did the day today originate
www.freebase.com/m/0g55psz	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/03qjg	what is an instrument that steve katz plays
www.freebase.com/m/0g2kqg2	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Which region was the season released in
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0h67zs3	What is a main-belt minor planet discovered in 1999?
www.freebase.com/m/05k6tn8	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/bats	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	does ben copeland bat left or right handed
www.freebase.com/m/01rj_n4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02t8gf	what is the genre of the artist thy disease
www.freebase.com/m/0bkppg	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0c95st	Writer francesco rosi wrote this film about the life and death of an Italian businessman. 
www.freebase.com/m/0mvjp0f	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f_5fr4	What release features the track i will always love you?
www.freebase.com/m/04__y	www.freebase.com/education/field_of_study/journals_in_this_discipline	www.freebase.com/m/04y79b4	what do people in the discipline meteorology study?
www.freebase.com/m/027d3sg	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0252bj	Under what company was the film Tom & Jerry and the Fast and the Furry produced?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5v4r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_qs1	What genre is the album Cerca de ti?
www.freebase.com/m/01pcgkp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is here comes the indian
www.freebase.com/m/0ch2svh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where can 35350 lespaul be found
www.freebase.com/m/048x4s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is panorama
www.freebase.com/m/09gr4b	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what genre of film is the barkleys of broadway
www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0dvhhn	which notable doctor was born in vienna
www.freebase.com/m/0_s2309	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of movie is midnight rider
www.freebase.com/m/0sl_hwf	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0skvcbk	What is one of the tracks from like a king?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc99b4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04f_d	where was dawn mcmillan born
www.freebase.com/m/0fvsqt	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/014zsv	what is shin sawbu's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/066d03	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0kydcn	This album by Chimaira is an example of deathcore.
www.freebase.com/m/03d5mz6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	the netflix movie  chaos is what genre
www.freebase.com/m/04bw5j	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/0fw2f	where is the charleston daily mail circulated 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ps96l	what is a indian drama film
www.freebase.com/m/03k6d7	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0cmb41c	what film did margarethe von trotta write 
www.freebase.com/m/0r_9	www.freebase.com/royalty/monarch/kingdom	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	which kingdom did afonso iii of portugal reign over?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj2w	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	which disease caused dudley moore's death?
www.freebase.com/m/01cxn2y	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f954d_	What's a release from the recording alberta
www.freebase.com/m/06c8kf0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	where can I find information about andrew johnson
www.freebase.com/m/0285p53	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	what's the original language man, next natural girl: 100 nights in yokohama was released in
www.freebase.com/m/09nlnq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/059wk	who developed motoko-chan no wonder kitchen
www.freebase.com/m/04q8nf8	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which event did david popescu participate in
www.freebase.com/m/09hh3t	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02pjh3	what type of school is uckfield community technology college?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_v487	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/04b9_k	who is the son of andrew joseph clooney
www.freebase.com/m/076wswp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kind of music is otterclan known for releasing
www.freebase.com/m/02hls3p	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	Who published dr. muto 
www.freebase.com/m/0k004w5	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what is (12353) 1993 or9 
www.freebase.com/m/0bfx6r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	what state is the battle creek sanitarium located
www.freebase.com/m/09j028	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	who is alex manninger
www.freebase.com/m/0vtmt	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	Which time zone is the nebish township in?
www.freebase.com/m/0z7s2	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mxwr	What county is sportsmen acres community within
www.freebase.com/m/0r8q08s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	Who is justin simmons?
www.freebase.com/m/0jslztb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/season	www.freebase.com/m/0k2cq12	which season of sin cities is the episode cape town a part of
www.freebase.com/m/02z6m84	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is jon lucien's gender
www.freebase.com/m/06_7nns	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/036q8h	What architectural style is the structure gov. smith homestead
www.freebase.com/m/027fyqw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	what book genre is the convenient marriage 
www.freebase.com/m/01jqyh0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what type of music does dys (band) play
www.freebase.com/m/01618gq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_6g1xp	whats a song off the xtc album red
www.freebase.com/m/079r9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	what is stephen schneider's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0z3sh5m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is menelik shabazz?
www.freebase.com/m/03ynncn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is walther heissig known for 
www.freebase.com/m/06498m	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/01zqrd	who created the character blackfire
www.freebase.com/m/05txr8	www.freebase.com/time/event/instance_of_recurring_event	www.freebase.com/m/018lx	What recurring championship even is the 1969 american league championship series?
www.freebase.com/m/012jg5	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01yrx	What type of animal is a manx
www.freebase.com/m/0gyc54	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01795t	which company produced the nifty nineties?
www.freebase.com/m/055376	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	thats my mama is labeled under what netflix genre title?
www.freebase.com/m/012mnm	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is this hour has 22 minutes filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04ldrjx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/07kvk0f	what episode did william blinn write
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0381w4	what film belongs to the  thriller (genre)
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02qyqz5	Who is a retired french footballer that played the position of forward?
www.freebase.com/m/0crxlt7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what's a good description of the movie dark harvest
www.freebase.com/m/0sg6b	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/03dpsht	what is the postal code for the rock island, illinois area 
www.freebase.com/m/09v0ty2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hv44_	What's agustus montrose's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0wp_mr3	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where did nachtschicht - ich habe angst come from
www.freebase.com/m/08nyr8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is thomas neville
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j6wdp	what's a compilation album focusing on the band L7
www.freebase.com/m/03fsrg3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dzkcs7	what is a track played at the beyond borders... a celtic journey album
www.freebase.com/m/01m4v8x	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of music is featured on the wall of sacrifice
www.freebase.com/m/04y_w1b	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0bxbr	in what city was peter selgin born
www.freebase.com/m/0gyy151	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/06fcqj	Name a netflix film that falls under the movies for ages 8 to 10 category
www.freebase.com/m/08_x1n	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	What language was spoken in balzac and the little chinese seamstress
www.freebase.com/m/0gh61y1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is igor cheminava a male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/0m0psx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wj5hp	who recorded heartbeat?
www.freebase.com/m/0xcf3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059_c	In what American state is the town moapa located
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cp20f0	what film is under the drama genre?
www.freebase.com/m/06g89m	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	what position does norman hand play at?
www.freebase.com/m/019389	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0ljk4c	What's a song that billy corgan produced
www.freebase.com/m/0xdrngh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015wc0	Who recorded swimming?
www.freebase.com/m/0827d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/05c3382	which artist performs the world music genre
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05f3hkc	what are electronic music albums?
www.freebase.com/m/04093	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/094wyc	Who did jules verne influence
www.freebase.com/m/089_xz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is amanda conner male or female
www.freebase.com/m/04gns2k	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	what is the occupation of david hawthorne?
www.freebase.com/m/0crr_34	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre was the film king, queen, knave
www.freebase.com/m/03fpm4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	jimmie rodgers plays what genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/03cg0sv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is alfred lawson, jr.'s nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0cwt3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fqtdnq	whats the name of an album by  maurice ravel
www.freebase.com/m/01jjr13	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what type of music is foghat (rock n roll)?
www.freebase.com/m/06g1jk	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06d004m	What is something that louise simonson wrote?
www.freebase.com/m/01yhyr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/019_nn	Whats the subject of the book the robber bride
www.freebase.com/m/01qn5g	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of school is montgomery blair high school
www.freebase.com/m/0krvqz0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031bz9c	what release is from the release track vietnam?
www.freebase.com/m/02b_rm	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation filmed hercules in new york
www.freebase.com/m/01wx756	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cf93	who was waddy wachtel's label
www.freebase.com/m/02q_vz8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	what topic is better than sex about?
www.freebase.com/m/0bjp8w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	What genre is henry fool?
www.freebase.com/m/02rr30l	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is eli noam's job 
www.freebase.com/m/0v32z6s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05ywg	Where was jan kaspar born?
www.freebase.com/m/05f6q8_	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/02t7wc	what is the architectural style of villa repeta?
www.freebase.com/m/02vmfzc	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	What is the official school color of dundalk high school?
www.freebase.com/m/01cmp9	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/047n8r_	who is a producer of chicago
www.freebase.com/m/09vtx26	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is desert legion
www.freebase.com/m/01tywm8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017323	what kind of music did freddie spruell make?
www.freebase.com/m/08fz1n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0f38nv	what is the label of the artist hatesphere?
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crx1_z	what are indie films?
www.freebase.com/m/02plf_n	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/013nv_	Which city was a namesake to samuel appleton
www.freebase.com/m/076tm2m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what genre of film is donna on demand?
www.freebase.com/m/017sjjq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01cvng	beached (long version) was produced and recorded by which artist?
www.freebase.com/m/013cz2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04n6vyk	Name a person born in Manhattan, Kansas. 
www.freebase.com/m/023j1z2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of album is forever gold
www.freebase.com/m/02kts3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What type of music does jan hammer play?
www.freebase.com/m/0gttjvj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is james develin from
www.freebase.com/m/01rtp02	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	what did james freud die from?
www.freebase.com/m/0zdmv6j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fwc0	what state and city is st. peters episcopal church located in?
www.freebase.com/m/01kcp2	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0j7_w	What's a symptom of tendonitis
www.freebase.com/m/0dj9wr6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	How would someone describe the lovers & friends show: season 3
www.freebase.com/m/027qvfr	www.freebase.com/computer/file_format/format_creator	www.freebase.com/m/012hrx	who is the format creator of pub
www.freebase.com/m/01jp6dq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what kind of music is the interview album
www.freebase.com/m/0fs31ym	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mpmwx2	what track was released on to hear the angels sing
www.freebase.com/m/0hpf99_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is Styve C.'s gender?
www.freebase.com/m/09l9tq	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position does chris killen play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0wsfk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is the location of arrow point?
www.freebase.com/m/08w_55	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/06frc	Who was involved in the battle of placentia
www.freebase.com/m/0149h0	www.freebase.com/book/author/school_or_movement	www.freebase.com/m/0dzpjp	Which movement is arthur rimbaud associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/0lt7js	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w9s2	who recorded bitch please ii
www.freebase.com/m/0h7r0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01f62	which european city was mercè rodoreda i gurguí born
www.freebase.com/m/03d8y	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/03d942d	what is a work by geddy lee
www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/043x65	Who was a notable person that was born in romania
www.freebase.com/m/0fr8cm_	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	which region was silver released in
www.freebase.com/m/08fxh2	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03qtfwn	what kind of company is tenneco?
www.freebase.com/m/05cnb8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hqqhn	Who is katsura hoshino?
www.freebase.com/m/08m_0v	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	is toshihiro nikai from japan or taiwan
www.freebase.com/m/09vp0k4	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/05mrtc0	who wrote the film she goes to war?
www.freebase.com/m/048n7	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0_s23rq	what Army veteran recipient of the Medal of Honor fought in the korean war
www.freebase.com/m/01jr2nm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what kind of music is on (gi) 
www.freebase.com/m/01fp91g	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of content is the album friends?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9wdym	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	What is  the language that is spoken in imperio de cristal
www.freebase.com/m/02nfhk	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/06k6wt	what stadium was named after ted whitten
www.freebase.com/m/0fwpksp	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/0g768	What company signed the band that released the album baby
www.freebase.com/m/0mwr1bt	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	what position does greg pateryn play
www.freebase.com/m/0h23snf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does muck and the mires play
www.freebase.com/m/04xdxnn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the topic of the execution of major andre
www.freebase.com/m/01bgnbv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fk_473	What release was the recording waterloo featured on
www.freebase.com/m/014qv7	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/02vnlwh	what composition did gavin rossdale work on 
www.freebase.com/m/049m2gj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f0b52t	Name  a track off of the deep purple / park avenue fantasy release
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ld66	what film is a crime fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/09v1vq1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/020qkmg	which zip code is regency tower located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0zw7jk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lyt7d	Who recorded railway hotel?
www.freebase.com/m/04mg43	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of lana
www.freebase.com/m/0fwpbn7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jr5x5	Which artist recorded earth?
www.freebase.com/m/03d2jpn	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What is the album content type of highs in the mid-sixties, volume 13
www.freebase.com/m/0v4xfdl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is ned wever's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/04_lh4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre of film is stroszek?
www.freebase.com/m/03y_b6y	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f8ly7v	what song is on the album sherlock holmes?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jwt_l	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/014d3y	Who is the lyricist on the album love is just a word
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/080n013	What is a jazz artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrlgr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Which genre of film is echoes of forgotten places
www.freebase.com/m/0415jwv	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/bats	www.freebase.com/m/03bwzdf	what condition does emmanuel burriss have
www.freebase.com/m/0dzmdlp	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what region was a rush of blood to the head released in
www.freebase.com/m/04wj4r4	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	An existing better world is classified by what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0lqhvsy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0385k7	where was surekha vani given birth
www.freebase.com/m/0853g	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/07jmrz	Who is a chess grandmaster that was born in wellington
www.freebase.com/m/01hvfb8	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is oranges & lemons
www.freebase.com/m/01jjpv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_drug	www.freebase.com/m/0hqwy93	what is the pharmacological class of heparin
www.freebase.com/m/05tl9c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n_w8	which county is hagerman pass located in
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0d_g35y	what album is released as a compilation albumby CEMA
www.freebase.com/m/0853_8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/068p2	What is the birth place of charles a. pascal, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/01jz3wb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02p11jq	which label does the artist becky hobbs work under
www.freebase.com/m/05v0yfw	www.freebase.com/type/type/properties	www.freebase.com/m/05v0z1b	what property is gender neutral public restroom in san francisco
www.freebase.com/m/0d3nws	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02qp983	what novels did leif enger write?
www.freebase.com/m/0663bv	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	who is the publisher of tails' skypatrol
www.freebase.com/m/03nqpyh	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre is declaration of conformity
www.freebase.com/m/0c765d5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/0c1xxx5	What is the original book name of poems
www.freebase.com/m/01chc47	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n2t_26	what song came from the recording harlem
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv0pb	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the category of benzocaine and resorcinol?
www.freebase.com/m/0484lr6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0gyh	Where is south florence
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f6xlz	Who is considered to be a psychedelic rock band
www.freebase.com/m/01flzq	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/016j55	what artist performs the genre hardcore hip hop?
www.freebase.com/m/0nn826	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dmjd9x	which song was part of cant get blue monday out of my head
www.freebase.com/m/03y7mhf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what celestial body does 11323 nasu orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/068473	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0nb9k	what is jim davidson birth place
www.freebase.com/m/0989gj	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	what type of school is kenston high school
www.freebase.com/m/011fzm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0846v	where is star valley ranch located?
www.freebase.com/m/034lpf3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was on the line first released?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbzp7x	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/068v1	who wrote the song crucifixion
www.freebase.com/m/0vp3zxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01531	Where was christian regenhard's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0ppgs19	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/non_profit_classification/organizations	www.freebase.com/m/02szcs	Name a undergraduate college (4-year) in Iowa
www.freebase.com/m/045m1_	www.freebase.com/base/paranormal/person_with_alleged_paranormal_powers/allegedly_responsible_for_paranormal_event	www.freebase.com/m/01s7s3	what was one of jesus christ's miracles
www.freebase.com/m/02qb_vy	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0_rp9	Where is south dakota highway 19 located at?
www.freebase.com/m/04f136n	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_6n0_	what is misugisato kōji known as?
www.freebase.com/m/0fszdg9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mq1rkl	What is the title of a track on the recording hawaii?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4kd7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is motives
www.freebase.com/m/030b2vy	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0klk1l_	what's one of the songs from the release edgar
www.freebase.com/m/0gsg7n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of shifty henry?
www.freebase.com/m/011h0f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0846v	what state is worland located in
www.freebase.com/m/07lfkb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is vernon washington nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0n8vq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0282f6h	what known person was born in  battersea
www.freebase.com/m/0gsp06	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is alan knill's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/09g6ykf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is adrift
www.freebase.com/m/03c1z_l	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02yc5b	what is the birth place of o. e. middleton?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3bvth	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	which language do the actors in one man up speak
www.freebase.com/m/016f3x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	what genre is the jesus and mary chain
www.freebase.com/m/0260vfr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	who developed kororinpa?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ds37np	what is a thriller (genre) film released in 2012?
www.freebase.com/m/04f0bd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what mode can stunt car racer be played
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh0_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05vbn8	who was born in honolulu?
www.freebase.com/m/04g2m1z	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/059cb1	what architectural style is pitcher-goff house
www.freebase.com/m/0fpwzjl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What country filmed vla lcinéma ou le roman de charles pathé
www.freebase.com/m/01jr6jl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02t7zt	Who released the album titled wheel of fortune
www.freebase.com/m/0mfzbgs	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f465br	what album was o canada released on
www.freebase.com/m/01jnh27	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what format is overkill released in?
www.freebase.com/m/049zh4s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/050ks	What state is south lewiston in
www.freebase.com/m/0g9zlc1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is viktor de kowa male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0y367	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is saddle rock located?
www.freebase.com/m/04p64ct	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0klh7	Who was the father of stella keitel?
www.freebase.com/m/0421j0	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/01zy4q	what group of islands is miyako-jima a part of
www.freebase.com/m/01p3221	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is avoid the funk: a defunkt anthology a compilation album or soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/0y5pryk	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mh7tb	Which artist created premonición?
www.freebase.com/m/0z47nt7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01prgd9	who performs the song all you need
www.freebase.com/m/01qy7b	www.freebase.com/military/armed_force/units	www.freebase.com/m/0h162nj	Name a unit in the confederate states army.
www.freebase.com/m/03yh21k	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is 5993 tammydickinson
www.freebase.com/m/035mmfm	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format was souls / island released on?
www.freebase.com/m/05crct	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the adventures of tintin?
www.freebase.com/m/05b550w	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What genre of film is nagin aur suhagin?
www.freebase.com/m/011lf_j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0401994	whats the name of the release whose recording was called fall
www.freebase.com/m/0170x4	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	What time zone is rogers centre in
www.freebase.com/m/0392h9d	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	where was retrospect 94-96 (the early years) released
www.freebase.com/m/04cwpmt	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02xvf0	who wrote lyrics to the lamb lies down on broadway?
www.freebase.com/m/02h18k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fsv7_4	what's a song that sonata arctica wrote and perfroms
www.freebase.com/m/0gt322	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r3tq	In which California city did vern freiburger die?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22f2	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0978_l	what is a title of a romantic dramas?
www.freebase.com/m/0crwvch	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is fruit of the vine
www.freebase.com/m/0dzc16	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04zkl3t	what has emilio estefan written
www.freebase.com/m/09glw	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/0w4d2bf	What is a part of the  himalayas
www.freebase.com/m/0ryk9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the location of maxeys?
www.freebase.com/m/04w8606	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02j8z	what is bringing back the dodo about
www.freebase.com/m/064qfl5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qzsz	Where was wisdom agblexo born
www.freebase.com/m/01mwyzc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fwxtp6	what albums have yusef lateef released?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh2_w	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qjc	what is the subject of the book asian pop cinema?
www.freebase.com/m/01ktqs5	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what kinds of music is the amazing kamikaze syndrome
www.freebase.com/m/0_mtqfc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01z77k	What is the genre of the TV program called hello birdy
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlzff	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is benazepril hydrochloride 10 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/026h98	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/068fpz	Where was victor horta's place of burial?
www.freebase.com/m/03r5vb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01s5q	How did harry pierpont die?
www.freebase.com/m/01k165	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/01swmr	What is the name of an organization that was founded by stephen harper
www.freebase.com/m/0mymy	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/hud_county_place	www.freebase.com/m/0z2k4	what is a city located in tuscarawas county, ohio
www.freebase.com/m/0kyqp8z	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	What genre does the game blaze out belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0_qqqyr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01dzyc	Where was roberto schmidt born
www.freebase.com/m/0_lr1	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/020vz15	what are some of the postal codes of greenville, south carolina?
www.freebase.com/m/06pxhy	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02h9w	what city did gustav ritter von kahr die in
www.freebase.com/m/0677ng	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what type of music is swizz beatz?
www.freebase.com/m/0cm9k_4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is kevin dorff's gender? 
www.freebase.com/m/06ptkx	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/09nml	what was the grass fight part of
www.freebase.com/m/02660nq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0jb19	What caused the death of herculanus of perugia?
www.freebase.com/m/0dcg3j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in tarzan
www.freebase.com/m/056r9q1	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	of what nationality is kenzo taniguchi
www.freebase.com/m/02vqjb5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	about what country is the absurd film about
www.freebase.com/m/0k3f05l	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_organization	www.freebase.com/m/02wqvb	Name the organization that discovered 15339 pierazzo
www.freebase.com/m/0zkgf_c	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02rqq74	who created switzerland
www.freebase.com/m/0g90y0	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is bob anderson's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0clvqxb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0x9n2	where is the school fullen school of hair design  located
www.freebase.com/m/0gjy48	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	what subgenre of music was on dick's picks, volume 23
www.freebase.com/m/02hvrqg	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_type/aircraft_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/02_31	What kind of aircraft is a fighter-bomber?
www.freebase.com/m/02yh8l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0v_snsd	Who is an artist of k-pop music?
www.freebase.com/m/04swd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02xnbp	Who's a cosmonaut born in moscow
www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/082s3h	who played piano in brazil
www.freebase.com/m/06fwzd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is railroaded! from
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lwtlw	what is the name of a 2004 album
www.freebase.com/m/01l9cl3	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01wzbnz	Who produced the inflated tear?
www.freebase.com/m/0thfw	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0nmvh	which county is bardstown located in
www.freebase.com/m/03gz32g	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0px_ywn	who is the designer of the hansel and gretel film
www.freebase.com/m/0jvd94	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/03z48l	what is a film that was written by takao koyama
www.freebase.com/m/01p8bb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cl0d	under what label does the artist the tubes work
www.freebase.com/m/0gz7k45	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	what's gregory berkin's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0cmbwkg	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02rxj	what religion does ion bostan practice
www.freebase.com/m/01kzkyx	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was for those who think young released
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ktwww	what is an album by leo sayer?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4rz5	what is a book in the suspense genre?
www.freebase.com/m/05fw0j	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04wq_6	who directed steal this movie!
www.freebase.com/m/0bb2b34	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is maurizio calvesi's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05l0j5	www.freebase.com/medicine/notable_person_with_medical_condition/condition	www.freebase.com/m/0f6gy	which condition is from catherine tate
www.freebase.com/m/0fvc4gz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03k0ppp	what is latin
www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/02rb8gm	what films are by metro-goldwyn-mayer?
www.freebase.com/m/08hlfqx	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03ts0c	what is david pierre's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/05rf4l	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/rank	www.freebase.com/m/01j950	what is prince caspian's rank in fiction?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs6m9	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0f2s6	which area does kdge serve
www.freebase.com/m/049k4w	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/07kh6cp	what player plays right fielder?
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/08xx_v	which actor died from a car accident?
www.freebase.com/m/02q9nyy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What nation is asuka tanii from?
www.freebase.com/m/0y7rv7l	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	is non, je n'ai rien oublié a album or dvd
www.freebase.com/m/0v0jx5_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09949m	Where did dinçer Çekmez pass away
www.freebase.com/m/03xvhb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	which foreign genre is hello brother
www.freebase.com/m/02qs718	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is sung in you don't know what love is song
www.freebase.com/m/03gh2s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music does guitar wolf play
www.freebase.com/m/09hntw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0233qs	What genre of music does houseofpleasure make
www.freebase.com/m/0n9xpjd	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/041c4	Who was the executive producer for the film who sold you this, then??
www.freebase.com/m/0djrg5	www.freebase.com/base/fight/sports_official/sport	www.freebase.com/m/018jz	what sport does george pipgras officiate 
www.freebase.com/m/02rs12y	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	how would the majority of people describe g. w. reynolds
www.freebase.com/m/03b1q8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country contains windward community college
www.freebase.com/m/0x0yh2p	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	which eastern european language is eugène onéguine spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_k71h0	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02bh9	Who composed fool's paradise
www.freebase.com/m/09v2fb7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of netflix genre is karl marx
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/0449mlt	What's an example of a painting
www.freebase.com/m/026s1rb	www.freebase.com/protected_sites/protected_site/governing_body	www.freebase.com/m/0bqc_	what governmental entity is in charge of the tatoosh wilderness reserve
www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0m724	What is an example of a bluegrass album?
www.freebase.com/m/0w6djl7	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the form of the composition everything must perish?
www.freebase.com/m/02vvnqv	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/031bf1	who produced squeeze play!
www.freebase.com/m/02p_24n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is John Grogan?
www.freebase.com/m/01sy4jk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0bv8qz	Which label does sims record for?
www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0g9yxzk	what events happened at belgrade?
www.freebase.com/m/0k__87	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/073tm9	who is the main label of the artist mic little?
www.freebase.com/m/0q8g37n	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w9kbl	who is the artist of paul simon and friends
www.freebase.com/m/020cn3	www.freebase.com/royalty/royal_line/monarchs_from_this_line	www.freebase.com/m/03hg7k	what royals are part of the timurid dynasty family  
www.freebase.com/m/0b78b8	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	which game mode is stargate worlds
www.freebase.com/m/03bfrzm	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in what format was on ice released
www.freebase.com/m/02r76f9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/048n9y1	who is eryn bulmer
www.freebase.com/m/06c6tz	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	what position does max bentley play 
www.freebase.com/m/0gxw8cp	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h30f2v	who was the writer for the film lies in plain sight 
www.freebase.com/m/065_m3g	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what type of music is featured in australia ep
www.freebase.com/m/04ttbf	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	what kind of mountain is the paruma
www.freebase.com/m/01cjxtf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01w7ntk	Who recorded the song storm
www.freebase.com/m/01kpht7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What sort of music is recorded on learning to flinch
www.freebase.com/m/01ml7sx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	What genre of music is the album when broken is easily fixed?
www.freebase.com/m/023zwt4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0342zrg	 what release came from the recording memphis
www.freebase.com/m/04t4kl0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0p9xx	What was a theme of keeping a rendezvous
www.freebase.com/m/0qlz9	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/03jp53v	who was the costume designer on the film what women want
www.freebase.com/m/03npkmp	www.freebase.com/film/film_set_designer/film_sets_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0c57yj	which film sets were designed by beth rubino
www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01rn0m3	Name an indie album
www.freebase.com/m/03d51h3	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/breeder	www.freebase.com/m/02l1jv	Who breeded the horse street cry
www.freebase.com/m/0crvnqb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What is the genre of the film miyamoto musashi iii: birth of the nito-ryu style
www.freebase.com/m/059g4	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w4q_p	what book deals with north america as it's main subject
www.freebase.com/m/0kyk	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05yg1r0	which author won the john newberry medal?
www.freebase.com/m/03hggs	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0h095	where in the netherlands did isaac van ostade die
www.freebase.com/m/0qn9p	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	what is craster considered to be 
www.freebase.com/m/0g5_80s	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0hg6h	What format was ballet bag released in initially?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h7wd0b	Name a Bollywood action film
www.freebase.com/m/0dxbm5	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is penelope in
www.freebase.com/m/01mx35	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09py7	who was involved in the event operation uranus?
www.freebase.com/m/05zz4sr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What kind of movie is the place of the dead?
www.freebase.com/m/0bt93q	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/01z1x83	which type of restaurant is souplantation considered 
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bhfm3	Name a country artist
www.freebase.com/m/0b74pnx	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03j6c	Which religion is byrraju ramalinga raju a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0fdjb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04q6jj4	What's a supernatural film directed by david decoteau
www.freebase.com/m/02cqbx	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/04jkzvy	what films was edith head a costume designer for?
www.freebase.com/m/0sxmx	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0bzrw38	who was the art director for platoon (film)
www.freebase.com/m/0811d_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where is mike corbett from 
www.freebase.com/m/0w2w_f_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is brian harley
www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05t6ns	Name a Brazilian actress born in sao paulo who played a role in the 2010 So Hard to Forget movie
www.freebase.com/m/064125z	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/03hzkq	who directed aval oru thodar kathai
www.freebase.com/m/02vxyl5	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0fmz5x	which movie has production designed by santo loquasto
www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02q8ms8	name a netflix adventure film 
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/05b_nhl	what character is female?
www.freebase.com/m/02hmm3z	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	which famous company published unreal tournament 2004
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wftzt	Name a book in the genre fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0b2msn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09d11	what killed alfred hayes
www.freebase.com/m/07mmz_1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07mm_0v	what are some names of episodes in the tweenies - season 1?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl53	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is henry iii of england's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02wc40p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0103xl	what is crawford martin's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/025v410	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/01rml9	what is used to treat ventricular tachycardia?
www.freebase.com/m/04t28w7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01m549	Who wrote lord of the fire lands
www.freebase.com/m/01lfbh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of matti vanhanen?
www.freebase.com/m/0wpb2_v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Where was oh jung-won born?
www.freebase.com/m/0chny1g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	What nationality is John Olden?
www.freebase.com/m/065d1h	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/0ft92k	Which film did eric tsang direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyds6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	What genre does the movie common threads: stories from the quilt belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0hg2qc8	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	what is brian o'carroll's profession
www.freebase.com/m/039md_k	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lsdncb	what track list is edge of excess on
www.freebase.com/m/05n3l7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what genre is the film alpha dog?
www.freebase.com/m/0gfds11	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What is the nationality of the person china
www.freebase.com/m/0dsyqz1	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is dj-kicks: chromeo?
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0rppglj	what albums are hard rock
www.freebase.com/m/03f0wqk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01c72t	What is rob schwimmer's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/02rvv36	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_series	www.freebase.com/m/013rpk	What film series is the wonderful wizard of has from?
www.freebase.com/m/02vyt2x	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	what position does john rienstra play?
www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/09rlmy	Who is rhythm and blues artist?
www.freebase.com/m/07q4rq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qf5x	what game genre is soul of the samurai
www.freebase.com/m/05ng5lx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/03qn_s	Who directed the episode dirty work
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/064qgbl	what person is a pitcher?
www.freebase.com/m/064fggl	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was girltrash! released in
www.freebase.com/m/05f6z9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f0n4m2	What is a track from slim whitman?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9x8bc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x958nz	what is a song by the artist kristian stanfill?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6kqjk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form was tear your love apart released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03vyw8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the film mrs. parker and the vicious circle filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/01mhl4k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	what style of music does klymaxx play 
www.freebase.com/m/09kk_4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language was the film fever lake
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv01r	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/02g5tq	How can metaproterenol sulfate 0.65 metered aerosol enter the body
www.freebase.com/m/02x7f7d	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/07tf8	What school type is the fisher valley college?
www.freebase.com/m/0k9j1	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljsr	what is altitude sickness
www.freebase.com/m/0h600j	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/011yxg	catherine martin is the costume designer for what musical?
www.freebase.com/m/0fmb1k	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what type of person is françois nourissier
www.freebase.com/m/032b1d	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05snw	What's alexander stepanovich popov's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/03lpld	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/non_profit_extra/classification	www.freebase.com/m/0ppgm1j	What type of college is ursinus college?
www.freebase.com/m/0f5bnkj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vpcn5	which artist participated in the music album pirates of penzance
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02x2y4c	who is a football player who served in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/01jpbvn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what type of music is thunder seven?
www.freebase.com/m/03fkzht	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was the album gathered in song released
www.freebase.com/m/04jxqs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	is the general died at dawn a comedy or action film
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrbw4	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0788_n	What is the active ingredient in the drug butalbital and acetaminophen
www.freebase.com/m/02bh8z	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p2132	Who is an artist that is signed with warner music group?
www.freebase.com/m/0fs39	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02r6flm	Who was born in praia?
www.freebase.com/m/04fcjt	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vzxld	Name a musician signed to universal records.
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrdgx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01g3h5	What is an active ingredient in titanium dioxide, zinc oxide 40/55 lipstick
www.freebase.com/m/0221m9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is lloyd moseby from
www.freebase.com/m/01jslkd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is down for the count?
www.freebase.com/m/04f_qh7	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/0szfw	Which city is served by the radio station kcha (am)
www.freebase.com/m/03m9w4k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country is aspen mountain located
www.freebase.com/m/05mkvc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what style of music is reef?
www.freebase.com/m/02p516w	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is stretch's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0dz5w7m	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format was mission: impossible iii released in
www.freebase.com/m/03d7xhr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is Moonswept?
www.freebase.com/m/0f20p0s	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was gala city sounds: new york smooth released 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j_h_p	What's an album by soil
www.freebase.com/m/0146pg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0frxqfy	john williams created this track.
www.freebase.com/m/0kz2w	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/07tf8	What type of school is brandeis university?
www.freebase.com/m/031tsm1	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kv2n_l	what is a track on the album titled  the best of
www.freebase.com/m/0gfxd	www.freebase.com/law/invention/inventor	www.freebase.com/m/0561kv	Who invented planetarium
www.freebase.com/m/01ljqyj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l96k	what kind of music is unreleased quicksilver: lost gold and silver
www.freebase.com/m/0f8g_cz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02w4qb	Who is the artist that recorded balls to the walls?
www.freebase.com/m/01lhy	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w9wpz	what was the book based on the subject classics
www.freebase.com/m/01jf6q3	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0187x8	who is the artist for the album  in your world / dead star
www.freebase.com/m/09z5y9	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/organizations	www.freebase.com/m/01s87m	what organization is thornn with?
www.freebase.com/m/01k7bcf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/036jv	what type of rap album is nightmare in a-minor
www.freebase.com/m/02q6skw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is craig page from
www.freebase.com/m/013q5t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/051xf69	Name someone who was born in effingham
www.freebase.com/m/0bh2dh0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is anson downes male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0nn83	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/03qyz_	What's a newspaper available in jefferson county
www.freebase.com/m/0f60mkc	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f60mr6	What's a song off of live at the black box
www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01l9htl	which artist performs in the dance-pop gender
www.freebase.com/m/0j6wj4y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	Where was marija milutinovic born?
www.freebase.com/m/09v72cx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is women they talk about in
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01kzcfs	Name a German electronic music artist
www.freebase.com/m/0j0pf	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04w0rqv	What's a book that alastair reynolds has published
www.freebase.com/m/0lc3g	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/children	www.freebase.com/m/03xf5g0	who is the child of the fictional character of lazarus long?
www.freebase.com/m/04m__dn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vrt_c	Who composed the song sober?
www.freebase.com/m/01mdt6j	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	what kind of album is waltz for koop: alternative takes?
www.freebase.com/m/04k8r3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is giovanni lavaggi from
www.freebase.com/m/0172rj	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0418hv	Who makes doom metal
www.freebase.com/m/0d9qq4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0156q	what is novaspace's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/0hj9hbk	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what sex is holden paul terry backus
www.freebase.com/m/01lkky	www.freebase.com/people/family/members	www.freebase.com/m/0cltv	who is part of the house of stuart?
www.freebase.com/m/0ktxft5	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031slp0	which album includes the lemon song
www.freebase.com/m/01x82t	www.freebase.com/user/techgnostic/default_domain/periodical/subject	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	What was the subject of the periodical reason?
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l_ccm	what is an example of a jazz album?
www.freebase.com/m/0mzvm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0w21hzq	What is the name of a hockey player from springfield, massachusetts?
www.freebase.com/m/0vx0hgy	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/067xd	what type of license does script editor have?
www.freebase.com/m/0z2l7hh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where was jacques erwin born
www.freebase.com/m/09t2r7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what kind of film is mujeres salvajes
www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03wpt5r	WHo is someone that was born in washington, d.c.
www.freebase.com/m/06kf0j	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hm0fg	new world computing  developed what game
www.freebase.com/m/07c11y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kinds of movie is u turn
www.freebase.com/m/0ph4c72	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/05zjd	in what language was forbidden to forbid filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/04twkkx	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/0z4_0	where was american gypsy published
www.freebase.com/m/025sf_8	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	what does the rev play as an instrument 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqn60	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/07_rn	what flavor does benadryl allergy quick dissolve 25 strip come in?
www.freebase.com/m/0d9_lv	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/07zmp_r	What is university of houston creative writing program most commonly known as?
www.freebase.com/m/01snm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04_732	Who was born in cincinnati, ohio
www.freebase.com/m/04t45gh	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02j62	What genre of book is ecomanagement?
www.freebase.com/m/06cn5	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qxq7g	who was born in riga?
www.freebase.com/m/0m94hxk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mws_r	Which release track is also a recording?
www.freebase.com/m/0vp7272	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0wr0r	which country was brian edwards born in
www.freebase.com/m/027mlns	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/03d6q	who is the composer for the composition titled  jérusalem
www.freebase.com/m/08ktzb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01s5q	What was Melvin White's cause of death?
www.freebase.com/m/03jg3sz	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre was the musical album Solid Gold 68.
www.freebase.com/m/04pk_p	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/033bcyd	what is a song produced by john shanks
www.freebase.com/m/0c3_r85	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	Which genre is monsters found in
www.freebase.com/m/036h3c	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01y2hnl	what is chaminade university of honolulu
www.freebase.com/m/03xtrg8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was float released
www.freebase.com/m/0dzz3l3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0md187_	what songs are on midnight matinee?
www.freebase.com/m/0zqxn03	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0zjsr6j	what was released by gold
www.freebase.com/m/01cr999	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fvd2lc	Name a version of the single brothers & sisters (single mix original-1).
www.freebase.com/m/0d6bkn	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does craig anderson play
www.freebase.com/m/04q0xbc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01gtsh	who was the author of catch me if you can
www.freebase.com/m/04j0h72	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is cartel 1882 filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/02cft	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/01bth8	what is a tourist attraction in dublin
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04wcnb3	What's an example of a horror book
www.freebase.com/m/0368phc	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01q6gzs	which album contained the release busted
www.freebase.com/m/04wctwn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/025hnq	Who authored the new being
www.freebase.com/m/02wrw8	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j32vkn	who is the birth father of carl theodor dreyer
www.freebase.com/m/0t_f7hl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is yang jian's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv9ym	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the status of the drug formulation dr. fresh travel?
www.freebase.com/m/02r6yjg	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02vxy_	which church does robert jaworski, jr. ascribe to
www.freebase.com/m/01bpnd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01zb_g	what label is noel gallagher associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0cxxqp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is giovanni paolo oliva's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/08p5l7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in plenty (film)?
www.freebase.com/m/043knfs	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what is created by arnold houbraken
www.freebase.com/m/01ntlrl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What album style is one time bells?
www.freebase.com/m/03qnq4r	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is that's not my name in
www.freebase.com/m/0rh8fb_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the endless tedium of capitalism from?
www.freebase.com/m/04x73	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01ly2nz	Name an album by motley crue
www.freebase.com/m/04c138m	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mn3x	what county is smithfield located in
www.freebase.com/m/0kfpzjj	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/performed_at	www.freebase.com/m/027yq5l	Where was the theater production of the island performed?
www.freebase.com/m/01jnj_h	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is no remorse
www.freebase.com/m/0dcc0y	www.freebase.com/base/morelaw/legal_case/court	www.freebase.com/m/0x2jd	what court handled the godbout v. longueuil case?
www.freebase.com/m/02qj2s5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/027sv0	Where was vladislav zlatinov born
www.freebase.com/m/0dw1h0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/019jdn	Which tv program is wcw pro on?
www.freebase.com/m/027yfhc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	mr. woodcock is categorized within what netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/047myg9	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/092kr5p	Who handled the art direction for the last station
www.freebase.com/m/0dshd98	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fy1_97	congo was recorded as a part of what release?
www.freebase.com/m/01hlbvk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is full circle
www.freebase.com/m/063y2w3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	from which country is riley edward donoho from
www.freebase.com/m/04swd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cx0d	who was born in moscow?
www.freebase.com/m/064008f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	what kind of music genre is part the second
www.freebase.com/m/0j29nv_	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/game_series	www.freebase.com/m/0205x8	What game series is the game madden nfl 13 in?
www.freebase.com/m/05d_g1	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/029g_vk	Which industry does telesat operate in
www.freebase.com/m/02z71m5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	what state is alton located in
www.freebase.com/m/0gd3b4z	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what kinds of movie is bottle
www.freebase.com/m/03qjnnw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the film the last sentinel from
www.freebase.com/m/0gbwvf1	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is roberto purvis's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0yq3f0g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is jack collard
www.freebase.com/m/01642b5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0lyrvw	what is the canonical version of drowning?
www.freebase.com/m/0fswxt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	is takashi watanabe from japan or china
www.freebase.com/m/0_kcjsv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01yz6j	who wrote the lyrics for now that you're one of us
www.freebase.com/m/03y167h	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what celestial body does 13933 charleville orbit
www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/070z7p	What is the name of a college that is located in the republic of ireland
www.freebase.com/m/01gnx51	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0120rz	What artist produced the album short bus
www.freebase.com/m/0j4p5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	Which country is bedfordshire located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04w2vw7	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	the story of the minack chronicles is classified as what type of genre
www.freebase.com/m/0nb43	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bnmslg	Name a person born in hoxton.
www.freebase.com/m/04whbfm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what is the topic of the book the war at home
www.freebase.com/m/03btsm8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/067p6m	what is a action/adventure film 
www.freebase.com/m/06y7d	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06d_968	stephen jay gould wrote what piece of work?
www.freebase.com/m/04zycr4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	which genre is tp considered to be
www.freebase.com/m/03l04k	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/breed_of	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what type of animal is nova scotia duck tolling retriever
www.freebase.com/m/05m_23t	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music is billy talent iii?
www.freebase.com/m/02z3q_w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which country does phobia come from 
www.freebase.com/m/0gbtc9	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what's one of the martial arts that Éric lucas knows
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/06_w85_	what is a rock music album?
www.freebase.com/m/0bky0	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02r98t	What is the name of haile selassie's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/0c3_f3_	what asteroid belt was discovered in Palomar Observatory?
www.freebase.com/m/03q6vx3	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	What type of art is paris
www.freebase.com/m/05p1xk8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre of music does the album eyes to the sun belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/0nm5h7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01h98rv	What album is nothing else matters a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrtkw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the drug category of panthenol 0.02 shampoo
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02rhlv1	what is a thriller (genre) film on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/085vlx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0plyy	Where did louis jones, jr. die?/
www.freebase.com/m/07nfpm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	what was ferdinand piloty's place of death
www.freebase.com/m/0gdkm8t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0jwzp	which city in northern Poland is zbigniew kuzminski from
www.freebase.com/m/04wgq75	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09kqc	What is the subject of sex lives of the famous gays?
www.freebase.com/m/03g5py3	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what genre is the album telling secrets to strangers
www.freebase.com/m/01hd3_v	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What kind of music format is 2003-05-28: missoula, mt, usa?
www.freebase.com/m/01m1cj2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/014yztw	what is a song by barry mcguire
www.freebase.com/m/0wy2b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fwvj	what county includes jonesburg
www.freebase.com/m/04llc3w	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/01p5rd	What is a dog breed with black tricolor
www.freebase.com/m/01wq1xb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02t8gf	What genre is artist Liv Kristine's music part of?
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0_f3sny	Name a male film director
www.freebase.com/m/03nqwwh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0prfg	where was alastair gamble's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/0gmx6v	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04zypgb	Who is a notable person that was born in patrica
www.freebase.com/m/0btjl7	www.freebase.com/base/classiccars/vintage_car/body_styles_produced	www.freebase.com/m/021mp2	what type of car is the studebaker big six
www.freebase.com/m/0c0k1	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0bw20	What film did Harrison Ford produce?
www.freebase.com/m/04m7bm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is dave ogilvie from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bxhlhy	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats the spoken language in the patient in room 18
www.freebase.com/m/04w69f1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the topic of leading from the center
www.freebase.com/m/0g6z7ss	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album was the formative years
www.freebase.com/m/048s_y0	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	are the melbourne gardens in the united states or canada?
www.freebase.com/m/02872y7	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04xrzdn	what's a book published under the southern illinois university press imprint
www.freebase.com/m/03yh6h2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/022tzk	where was 5041 theotes discovered?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs1zyq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what is the genre of one hour fantasy girl
www.freebase.com/m/0nnb0p8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01nz1q6	who was the producer of gimme some truth
www.freebase.com/m/03yz9r_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0557q	what genre does george greeley belong to 
www.freebase.com/m/02r4y1	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0gyx4	Who wrote down to earth
www.freebase.com/m/0fyb_78	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	whats the release type of  the last thing on my mind
www.freebase.com/m/01kkl2z	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release format is freispiel?
www.freebase.com/m/07f77_c	www.freebase.com/base/reviews/review/mentions	www.freebase.com/m/0bvn25	what is mentioned in the review of funny people at www.latimes.com?
www.freebase.com/m/0b7m2p0	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/04t57cm	who is the parent of petal blossom rainbow oliver
www.freebase.com/m/094412	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09x_r	Who is les schwab?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0hdt8s_	who is a professional actor
www.freebase.com/m/07k60j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0wl1yjd	whats an album by the artist terror
www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gj0ph	what here is lombardy?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/08m0nt	What is the name of a solar system that orbits the sun?
www.freebase.com/m/06lbp	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/02v_9p4	what is a book written by robert louis stevenson
www.freebase.com/m/04zg3t7	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0404n_	what was the subject of the work cinnamon kiss
www.freebase.com/m/01vw8mh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0qh15_h	What is the name of Snoop Dogg's music track?
www.freebase.com/m/01vh4dn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	what style of music is the outpatients?
www.freebase.com/m/014k97	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_organization/members	www.freebase.com/m/0c8lv	which is the name of a death eater in harry potter?
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crwb8c	What is an example of a history film?
www.freebase.com/m/02fsn	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/01pd_g6	who played the double bass?
www.freebase.com/m/05q43cy	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	what kind of animal is a pioneerof the nile?
www.freebase.com/m/01xqw	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/05zjpwj	Name someone who is famous for playing the cello
www.freebase.com/m/0btlb6	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0193qj	who was one of the major powers involved in operation vengeance
www.freebase.com/m/08g75y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01m2n1	where was charles henry parkhurst born
www.freebase.com/m/06bc59	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what genre of film is hannibal rising
www.freebase.com/m/0j1w0t3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dqyw	what city is tenkyû fukuda from
www.freebase.com/m/0g59q3f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wh33	Where was nanae chrono born in Japan?
www.freebase.com/m/038876r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0161l2h	What song was released as a part of april january (original soundtrack)
www.freebase.com/m/0b1kgc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nationality is David Anthony Durham?
www.freebase.com/m/01j98s6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lmvzv	which tracks were released in karma?
www.freebase.com/m/01jvts7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre is the album sid sings considered to be?
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0cz8dgw	what tv program is science fiction
www.freebase.com/m/01mp0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is oconomowoc, wisconsin in
www.freebase.com/m/06j0z8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is lila says?
www.freebase.com/m/011cdxj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04ydgw6	who is the artist of star wars
www.freebase.com/m/015k4l	www.freebase.com/type/type/instance	www.freebase.com/m/0214mw	what is a pest insect similar to the aphid group
www.freebase.com/m/0155jlr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p496w	who is the artist of love is a gift
www.freebase.com/m/0bm6bb8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is michele berk from
www.freebase.com/m/06rqw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03m6tmx	who is a ska artist 
www.freebase.com/m/02yzx9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/drug_class	www.freebase.com/m/0fx3s	what is the drug classification of prednisolone
www.freebase.com/m/05ztz25	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	Which country is horace cumner from
www.freebase.com/m/06wb7x5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is the bushbaby
www.freebase.com/m/0gdswgm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0mzkr	which company is tinashé with?
www.freebase.com/m/04yjpb8	www.freebase.com/base/vancouver/location_in_neighborhood/neighborhood	www.freebase.com/m/0c13_w	What is the name of a neighborhood where   imperial chinese seafood restaurant is located?
www.freebase.com/m/0fthltf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	which country did march come from?
www.freebase.com/m/03cb8gz	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_championship_event/runner_up	www.freebase.com/m/0jnlm	who was the runner up at the 1962 stanley cup finals
www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0_j1q	what's a city in pennsylvania
www.freebase.com/m/03717cg	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lgxr97	What is the name of the track released in all change?
www.freebase.com/m/0cp0ph6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what kind of movie is bad teacher
www.freebase.com/m/0b8yt0	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/06zm9q	what was involved in the siege of takatenjin?
www.freebase.com/m/024hlh	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/05kyr	What is the location of the battle of the nek?
www.freebase.com/m/01vnyr8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lnbg	What kind of music does billboard make
www.freebase.com/m/04g29f9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What kind of space object is 11363 vives
www.freebase.com/m/0rzshnp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	where did robert cory pass away
www.freebase.com/m/052q4j	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/02vp4_g	Name a catholic school
www.freebase.com/m/0f01cql	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hzzp9	which artist recorded the song diamond
www.freebase.com/m/0j_c	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02g7sp	What is alfred hitchcock's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0cg9m5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what netflix genre was the title  pretend you dont see her 
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0yhvqzm	What is the name of a musician?
www.freebase.com/m/0b8v8b	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/082db	which musical prodigy has his song featured in the film distant?
www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0bf811v	What is an alternative country album by Bright Eyes?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7fb9	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/campuses	www.freebase.com/m/0g7fb9	What is a campus of the  steinbach bible college?
www.freebase.com/m/03mz9r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0fjrxq	What's a character that geoff johns created
www.freebase.com/m/02x36yz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0171dv	who is the composer of the song hyperactive!?
www.freebase.com/m/02_s67	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/065d1h	who directed armour of god
www.freebase.com/m/0zh5xkb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form is muscle car in?
www.freebase.com/m/01pf8vr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01446r	what type of music does banda calypso produce
www.freebase.com/m/02pmxzt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is dear diary filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0w3fdbj	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of release is cyclopean riffs?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqryqj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025s7x6	what is an active ingredient in hepataplex 3/3/6/12/3/3/12/6/3/12/3 liquid
www.freebase.com/m/02wyhxv	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what medium was used to paint bonaparte crossing the alps?
www.freebase.com/m/0zk1zx_	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/07b4wl	Who composed you ruined everything?
www.freebase.com/m/06w1mpx	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which position does football player serge makofo play
www.freebase.com/m/0wsdt4d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftjx	where was the birth place of malin krastev
www.freebase.com/m/0z4vtw6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dgpc95	who is the artist that recorded love and honor?
www.freebase.com/m/0788g7	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zl37n8	what songs have kelly willis written lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/0b72hc7	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is nate watt known for
www.freebase.com/m/01pfkrs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	Where is bombay vikings from?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/031bd0	what is an animated musical film
www.freebase.com/m/02875	www.freebase.com/base/environmentalism/environmental_issue/causes	www.freebase.com/m/0hkf	what's one of the causes of major deforestation
www.freebase.com/m/05cqtz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0byfwd	what type of music did raimonds pauls make?
www.freebase.com/m/02r29gl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01htzx	what kind of television show is mission: impossible
www.freebase.com/m/03yhg6n	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which type of system was 4402 tsunemori
www.freebase.com/m/0fr5cbb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/02rlpg	what song is on the recording the empire strickes back - the imperial march
www.freebase.com/m/026d9tc	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026ny	what type of book is sea of glass
www.freebase.com/m/03c9q7q	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which major global war did william h. wilbur participate in
www.freebase.com/m/025s0cx	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/0k_s5	where is the melrose district located
www.freebase.com/m/04w9rtt	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02j62	what genre of book is management in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzhqx0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fs5t7s	What's a song off of the album interpol
www.freebase.com/m/0496x4	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ypt	in what canadian city was cameron bright born
www.freebase.com/m/0h_ff14	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftyc	what city and state was michael wilhoite born in
www.freebase.com/m/05cgv	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/09lk2w	who was born in nigeria
www.freebase.com/m/049mlv4	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of a night at birdland, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/03_d8m	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what is one of the school colors for patrick henry college
www.freebase.com/m/01wwvt2	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bdf61	What song has flea written
www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049__7s	What are the townships found in michigan?
www.freebase.com/m/01wv9xn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0sl9cdv	What is an album by the artist pink floyd
www.freebase.com/m/04p422b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is kick me from
www.freebase.com/m/072twv	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/09pgl3j	which film was directed by the film art director cedric gibbons
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0y2c0	what is a location in the eastern daylight time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0c3zl0d	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	what is james paringatai's position in basketball 
www.freebase.com/m/0fqf28_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/04n3l	Where did twin sister start their career
www.freebase.com/m/05zk1f2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is letlapa mphahlele male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0chgr2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/05h3wxy	what secondary college is located in victoria (australia)
www.freebase.com/m/0kst_7	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what type of profession does rais yatim have?
www.freebase.com/m/03d28rz	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	which position on the field did bo cornell play
www.freebase.com/m/01n91d	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06hzpc	what is in gran canaria?
www.freebase.com/m/02q09kx	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	what kind of film is the wedding party 
www.freebase.com/m/0hqq2_d	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what shape does methylphenidate hcl 20 tablet come in
www.freebase.com/m/03cx394	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	the urviș river is contained by what country
www.freebase.com/m/0xkm4	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0n5j_	which county is alpine in
www.freebase.com/m/0bxydw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	what was chris hanburger's occupation 
www.freebase.com/m/02q6wxt	www.freebase.com/biology/animal_breed/breed_of	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what type of animal breed is a karakachan dog?
www.freebase.com/m/03w_pj	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/02krq3	where was east african campaign held
www.freebase.com/m/018klb	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	What is the religion of simone weil?
www.freebase.com/m/01h320	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vgd45	what book was published by the author james a. michener?
www.freebase.com/m/04w7pgy	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d6gr	what genre is radical cartesianism considered
www.freebase.com/m/0h1xc0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of tv program was the legend of the condor heroes
www.freebase.com/m/0h3vp_d	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	what type of music is noah's arc: season 1
www.freebase.com/m/07ksn65	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is lorang christiansen's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/073h5r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	Which label is the artist wendy and lisa signed to
www.freebase.com/m/04wgktv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is the topic of the book?
www.freebase.com/m/0xnq27y	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02zmh5	who composed dark horse
www.freebase.com/m/0gfqf2	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03hzkq	who produced the film  idhaya thirudan
www.freebase.com/m/0d9l1	www.freebase.com/film/film_series/films_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/03hmdy7	Name a film in the looney tunes film series
www.freebase.com/m/0f98d15	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wm697	which artist recorded miami?
www.freebase.com/m/0mjmn02	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fclgtg	what is a release track from believe
www.freebase.com/m/02d7h9	www.freebase.com/food/candy_bar/sold_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Name a country that toblerone is sold in
www.freebase.com/m/01l6b61	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbxk5	what album is winger (band) featured on 
www.freebase.com/m/0y3_8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01n2d77	who is an artist that performs synthpop 
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gm41h	what is a commune in the central european time zone
www.freebase.com/m/021gtl	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0163v	What is the administrative parent of homiel
www.freebase.com/m/05f4x88	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the format of hometown?
www.freebase.com/m/017g531	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f3x87g	which album released a little less conversation (jxl radio edit remix)
www.freebase.com/m/0mbql9s	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dvxvbn	what is released by the track pony boy?
www.freebase.com/m/01w632f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What is gilberto gil's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f0hl1q	Name an album.
www.freebase.com/m/02qnw0m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	What was the place of death of merwin k. hart
www.freebase.com/m/029bys	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0_d_xvv	what album is by louis couperin
www.freebase.com/m/02pydxs	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/06msq	what type of artwork did justin michael jenkins produce?
www.freebase.com/m/01h_9gv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02f1c	what artist created something special?
www.freebase.com/m/0fvsqb8	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0nrs4r9	what is a track featured on inter-be
www.freebase.com/m/0n4bmcc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hwhyv	what is the language of queen of housewives?
www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/05ddf	who played the violin?
www.freebase.com/m/0cf94x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Which gender is didier daeninckx?
www.freebase.com/m/0283446	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0txrs	Where did Gene Corbett die?
www.freebase.com/m/044_jd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what kind of game is escape from colditz?
www.freebase.com/m/028bz6v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is michelle park steel
www.freebase.com/m/0gyczty	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/05p5j8t	which movie was directed by christie will
www.freebase.com/m/0dd20	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j4bkw	what is an album by marcy playground
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06wgdx7	WHo was born in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/01mgw27	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/054vjt	who is the artist of the album at the university of puerto rico
www.freebase.com/m/017mnx6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0pzwlg	what is the canonical version of brown sugar
www.freebase.com/m/0n5j_	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010cw1	bergen county is located in what new jersey city
www.freebase.com/m/09njmq	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/067t4w	what type of broadcast is kcte
www.freebase.com/m/046550k	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/04p1r	who directed thursdays children 
www.freebase.com/m/028472g	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is clint johnson from
www.freebase.com/m/0bjb4y	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What type of art for is adrian kleinbergen known for
www.freebase.com/m/02q4_cb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	what country is lovers from
www.freebase.com/m/0f84w_3	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0104tb5	Name the compilation that contains the track sentido.
www.freebase.com/m/0805r87	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was i remember better when i paint released in
www.freebase.com/m/0jsdf_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07t21	what is the country that how to re-establish a vodka empire was filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/01h9q_7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	What type of album is a jolly christmas from frank sinatra
www.freebase.com/m/0267471	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of tony sealy
www.freebase.com/m/05r4y7	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0c8lcm	what organization was founded by sir lowthian bell, 1st baronet
www.freebase.com/m/0hmz0my	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	What genre is in the night kitchen?
www.freebase.com/m/04988_t	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fr5p	where is rockridge forest in the united states 
www.freebase.com/m/0vx80l9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is nasheim myrick's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05zjt2z	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of show is on air?
www.freebase.com/m/0ywws	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n2m7	what county is groveport in
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ddt_	what is an example of a family film
www.freebase.com/m/087ffr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	what type of thriller is the driver's seat
www.freebase.com/m/03z0q4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n6c_	where is massena located in
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0slh7pf	what is a type of studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/04_2zpw	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03n77	what genre is judith and her maidservant a painting of 
www.freebase.com/m/0g53hkz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01wfxd	where was isamu kosugi born
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gy5sy4	which romance film is based on sports?
www.freebase.com/m/0yg1jzv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01gk3x	where in Iran was homayoon as'adian born
www.freebase.com/m/05mw8x6	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	What is david hoselton's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/07y19z	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/012d40	who was the director of  the legend of drunken master
www.freebase.com/m/01hv96_	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what types of album is fossils
www.freebase.com/m/04t446b	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02js9	which topics are discussed in the book top of her game
www.freebase.com/m/016hlq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rrwt	where did charles e. silberman pass away
www.freebase.com/m/048w891	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nz3k	which county is city village in
www.freebase.com/m/0fj0r	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is the sex of richard leveridge male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/0mm7lmq	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fkc9c1	what's one album that the song mexico was released on
www.freebase.com/m/07k532f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what classification is the album you can't spell slaughter without laughter
www.freebase.com/m/0fhn_1	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	Which genre of book is the wheels of chance?
www.freebase.com/m/06l_bv	www.freebase.com/exhibitions/exhibit/exhibitions_displayed_in	www.freebase.com/m/01_ggr	What's an exhibition in nude descending a staircase, no. 2
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/03c99rf	which city uses mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/01wl8kx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/05dqt7	What record company is paul mccoy associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0kt_xt	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b2fb3	what person produced happy end
www.freebase.com/m/0804_nf	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/0c5fr	Which family is princess cecylia lubomirska from
www.freebase.com/m/02x8s9	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character_creator/fictional_characters_created	www.freebase.com/m/0b6hvj	who created the fictional character steve englehart 
www.freebase.com/m/03qn46g	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0653m	which east asian language is sparrow filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/040shpx	what's an arcade game made by atari
www.freebase.com/m/0g1gwp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	what did junior félix do
www.freebase.com/m/03_0xtn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dqc7dj	What is a track from sunshine live, volume 8?
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t4df_	what is a 1998 speculative fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/01symx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03mdt	What netflix genre is the hitchhiker
www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01239	who is an artist that creates latin pop music
www.freebase.com/m/0ttvm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	which state is perry hall located in?
www.freebase.com/m/04t0y_d	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What sort of book is size 12 is not fat
www.freebase.com/m/01sch1b	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is constantinos christoforou
www.freebase.com/m/040vzx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_manufacturer/drugs_manufactured	www.freebase.com/m/0hqnd7w	cardinal health makes what drug?
www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_w64	name a place in michigan
www.freebase.com/m/0cf0bw	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0njzs	who was the producer for the second chance
www.freebase.com/m/024g9md	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023qfd	who is the artist on battlestar galactica
www.freebase.com/m/01j4cb0	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the release type of the album i grandi successi
www.freebase.com/m/0_6yq4t	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form does black widow come in 
www.freebase.com/m/0zl4r0x	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nmm_l	what is top gear known to be
www.freebase.com/m/08s8_4l	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/091xrc	Which film was produced by paul wang
www.freebase.com/m/0j9m0k2	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/06fxnf	who is the english composer for the film rio 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbgjvm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is hector chevigny's profession
www.freebase.com/m/03d33hx	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03x0xv	Where did first battle of swat take place
www.freebase.com/m/058np3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d6lp	catherine yronwode was born in which great city
www.freebase.com/m/03f4s77	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	in what genre does the musician the juan maclean perform
www.freebase.com/m/06wcgbb	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/01vrz41	who was involved in the funeral of diana, princess of wales
www.freebase.com/m/0kyvx7b	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0dwl2	who was the developer for team fortress 2
www.freebase.com/m/02rh745	www.freebase.com/base/fashionmodels/fashion_model/eye_color	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is rosie huntington-whiteley's eye color
www.freebase.com/m/03ybwt	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	WHat instrument does richard patrick play
www.freebase.com/m/0wskvrp	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architecture_firm	www.freebase.com/m/0gbq34	What is a consulting company that built the executive tower j?
www.freebase.com/m/01srq2	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	What film format was naked lunch filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/063r1fm	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/family_friendly/dog_breed	www.freebase.com/m/0djh8b	what is a very friendly dog 
www.freebase.com/m/0k08xb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is robert creighton williams
www.freebase.com/m/03fmb4	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0716h4	What is a book written by koji suzuki?
www.freebase.com/m/01v3sj6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dsmfhd	What is the name of a track by ingmar nordströms?
www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06w7_l8	what is a film in the silent film genre
www.freebase.com/m/02659kr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is raageshwari's gender male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03c5dtr	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does boima karpeh play
www.freebase.com/m/0pmq2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/05chk1	Who was born in winnipeg?
www.freebase.com/m/01ghg6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is dan georgakas
www.freebase.com/m/0dlm3l3	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/04lff93	in which film did music contributor peter matz work on
www.freebase.com/m/05mj7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is marc singer's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0288zxs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fx2s	The tv show sola is under which genre?
www.freebase.com/m/05jc1q	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	saathiya is this genre of film.
www.freebase.com/m/04t4vqz	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre is the birthday tree
www.freebase.com/m/0sjms	www.freebase.com/computer/computer/parent_model	www.freebase.com/m/0zd6	What is the parent model of the macintosh plus
www.freebase.com/m/01v7h_n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmqr2z	what is a song by preet brar
www.freebase.com/m/04b31ln	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is quail valley located in
www.freebase.com/m/04fcx7	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0gwrlvc	what film did adam mckay executively produce
www.freebase.com/m/081pw	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02hfvj	Who was someone that was involved in world war ii?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0vjp	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was the movie under the piano filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/01mx10k	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07y_7	what instrument does francesco geminiani play
www.freebase.com/m/0359ld	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/031jnn	which Canadian city is served by e>
www.freebase.com/m/03cyls	www.freebase.com/food/dish/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/038rz	what type of cuisine is pumpernickel?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftjx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0vs_5kv	what actress was born in sofia
www.freebase.com/m/01s75ck	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was 1999 released in 
www.freebase.com/m/02w61gp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what kind of music does belisha play
www.freebase.com/m/02qvl7	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03mf18	what player is a defenceman (ice hockey)
www.freebase.com/m/0gdhk9	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	what is the lowest grade taught in montebello high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0c73z	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0g4dlv_	What did franz schubert compose?
www.freebase.com/m/04lfyn6	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	what was the film format of leaves of grass
www.freebase.com/m/0gbqf8	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what genre does trapped at sea belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04k94	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsf2k	what formula is available in a liquid?
www.freebase.com/m/0llspl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j1l95	which artist sang the song cant get enough
www.freebase.com/m/0nlm6pf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0161sp	who recorded the song believe (live acoustic kndd)
www.freebase.com/m/0frkcj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n49t	which country locates vienna
www.freebase.com/m/0jy6wg	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/01jrbb	What is the name of a film that was produced by graham walters
www.freebase.com/m/02vvzf	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/03lgjgh	what type of museum is the world museum liverpool?
www.freebase.com/m/0d63kt	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/08pfxh	whats a gay genre netflix title
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsbyq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02xbjr	What is an active ingredient moiety of zovirax
www.freebase.com/m/08pvxz	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/01rv7x	What ethnicity is sinnathamby rajaratnam?
www.freebase.com/m/035z6_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01cbwl	which genre did the artist screeching weasel make
www.freebase.com/m/0gfjx13	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0pbv9ql	what is the 3.1 episode of irt deadliest roads
www.freebase.com/m/02cft	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03zcf_	What's an organization in dublin?
www.freebase.com/m/079h44	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpynz	what is 9th wonder's line of work?
www.freebase.com/m/0t1fbh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/015nb1m	What's the original version of cruisin
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02_99gp	Name a male whose profession is film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/027jh3p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	which city was elliot w. eisner born
www.freebase.com/m/027s6n7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is lanton mills located at?
www.freebase.com/m/01vb0c	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03r8dw	what is a film directed by mark romanek
www.freebase.com/m/06wyqf	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02dwpf	What position does félix rodríguez play?
www.freebase.com/m/0c76fd	www.freebase.com/location/ar_department/capital	www.freebase.com/m/0c769z	What is a city and capital of la matanza partido 
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j1hzp	What is a title you can expect to find in the Netflix genre united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/03d75qc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what is the genre associated with loves boomerang
www.freebase.com/m/07khzdj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	What type of film is bodies, rest & motion?
www.freebase.com/m/086zlm	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09hzc	Where in Europe was henri bosco born in?
www.freebase.com/m/0h4yfbk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country did call me mrs. miracle come from
www.freebase.com/m/0nrm3yw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nm_25q	what is the release track on david
www.freebase.com/m/06mpjq	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06274w	What is the subject of the film ferngully: the last rainforest
www.freebase.com/m/01tkkh	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/01d1bc	what conflict did simon bolivar buckner participate in
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/05_d6p	what english player plays as a defender in football
www.freebase.com/m/04w8l7d	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d6gr	What is the tasteful interlude's genre
www.freebase.com/m/0nt73	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is the kosciusko county division
www.freebase.com/m/02x6pdp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what offensive position does serhiy atelkin play
www.freebase.com/m/043g7l	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f6ck3	Who is an artist signed to sony music entertainment?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxp7ws	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what type of disc was tales of a librarian released on
www.freebase.com/m/02rnjyk	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of genre is whiskey for the holy ghost
www.freebase.com/m/01zwn0	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vh12l	What is the name of a book published by graham swift
www.freebase.com/m/03cqrk_	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0bwdk8	Who is the music by in destruction, inc.?
www.freebase.com/m/0zl2k9m	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05nvd8	Who was the lyricist off of purt nigh but not plumb
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/0wk0rsv	what is partially contained in india?
www.freebase.com/m/04yr06	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/05hyf	what area of activism is paul rostock associated with
www.freebase.com/m/09g68h6	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does warundeep singh play?
www.freebase.com/m/0mmc629	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fkp4c4	Which release was monster a release track off of
www.freebase.com/m/07m33zw	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/034jd	what is the license for tahitianprincess
www.freebase.com/m/03cfz6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is jim aparo
www.freebase.com/m/0bxs6x	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is kathy macdonald male or female 
www.freebase.com/m/02vp6s5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the country of origin of the tv program la ink
www.freebase.com/m/023t1bg	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/023t1fs	whats a version of the single bewitched
www.freebase.com/m/032vht	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre does pat dubar perform?
www.freebase.com/m/04v8lvw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/026l0	which book is part of dracula
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0w1v2_d	what is an example of a documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/055y4f	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country originally showed e.n.g.
www.freebase.com/m/0ttftc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04yhk0	who is the artist that recorded 9?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0djh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0c8tk	Where was dhanush born?
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0btl5q	what's a village within the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/03y10rh	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what is a member of 6685 boitsov
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fpgghm	Name a pop music album by Sarah Brightman.
www.freebase.com/m/01lsxfr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0314n4	where is tina cousins from?
www.freebase.com/m/07kb1mr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what is the genre of the album the circle
www.freebase.com/m/0dghzg5	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where published a connecticut yankee in king arthurs court
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crrzd8	What's a science fiction film from 1995
www.freebase.com/m/04jf5jw	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	what kind of lake is etang de la moubra
www.freebase.com/m/0ky6bnj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is  kevin walshs nationality
www.freebase.com/m/07439d	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxpqv	What is lebanon valley college?
www.freebase.com/m/0lch_84	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/0g55vbj	what tv series had the episode entitled pilot 
www.freebase.com/m/049kwlh	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fdj1g8	what is a song from the there was an elk album 
www.freebase.com/m/0_tmx62	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	This country is the home nation of han niu.
www.freebase.com/m/01wscz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jt74h	whats one of johnny thunders's albums
www.freebase.com/m/027bh_j	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was spoken in lost signal
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b2fqf	what is a horror film?
www.freebase.com/m/0g08ws	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/047b47f	who produced the flim the astronaut farmer
www.freebase.com/m/0_ln7s7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what genre of film is tangerines in?
www.freebase.com/m/0219j5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs7b2	What is bupropion an ingredient of
www.freebase.com/m/0fwtnr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/08z84_	who developed albert odyssey
www.freebase.com/m/01lkr	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_contains	www.freebase.com/m/07t21	what is partially contained in central europe?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0g086	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fg7b_	what album was fantasy released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01s_d7g	What is a notable hardcore punk album
www.freebase.com/m/0ypvql0	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3l	What is giancarlo leone known for being
www.freebase.com/m/02wxh66	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what film genre is my dearest senorita?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1yn	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	What is graz a second level division of?
www.freebase.com/m/0c7mpdd	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was salvador dali published?
www.freebase.com/m/01ztb8n	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0421sg2	Name an address in the postal code 80202.
www.freebase.com/m/0m5328h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0ww2gc	on what recording can you fing the release track cruella de vil
www.freebase.com/m/0h5_04r	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/make/model_s	www.freebase.com/m/0fs_r1	What is a model car that daimler makes
www.freebase.com/m/02v4_y	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/030_1m	in which film production studio was steel magnolias filmed
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/08y7lf	Who is a football player that plays as a defender
www.freebase.com/m/0dxt4y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2wj	Where was bill burrud born
www.freebase.com/m/03x4b7	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisors	www.freebase.com/m/0h0qy	who was the advisor of elizabeth blackburn
www.freebase.com/m/0djy52r	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/includes_causes_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03njtl	what symptom is accompanied with blood disorder
www.freebase.com/m/01xlqnx	www.freebase.com/architecture/building/building_function	www.freebase.com/m/09np_	what is the beckomberga hospital used as
www.freebase.com/m/01j05_3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0h4nwf	What is the label that signed luna?
www.freebase.com/m/02rpz_y	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does ildebrando antoniutti identify with?
www.freebase.com/m/02pjh3	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/080nv42	Name a community school
www.freebase.com/m/019s9m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0jxj31l	what is the active moiety of formulation for phosphoric acid
www.freebase.com/m/05wl7j	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_type	www.freebase.com/m/07_9_	what type of mountain is tronador
www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	www.freebase.com/computer/software_developer/software	www.freebase.com/m/09mxxn	what software has microsoft corporation created
www.freebase.com/m/01k6wyx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What type of album is icky flix?
www.freebase.com/m/04g1t93	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	which asteroid group does 1623 vivian belong to
www.freebase.com/m/04wf6yp	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01tz3c	what subject is the persistent desire: a femme-butch reader written about
www.freebase.com/m/0djbjym	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is deconstructing supper
www.freebase.com/m/0c4jz1m	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvm	what is robert frost
www.freebase.com/m/01bppy	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/first_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/06c1y	where is neamț county located
www.freebase.com/m/01xw9	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t3rb6	What book has the subject of chinese food?
www.freebase.com/m/0_67wff	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/059gdj	who wrote the song i forget you every day
www.freebase.com/m/0289hb8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mq7	what kind of show is in the womb
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/079x0x	what is a drama film from 1974?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf8lv4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	Which genre is the film the house associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0ghtbz5	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	what country is the film grande hotel originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/01mgg	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	What genre is the book consolation of philosophy
www.freebase.com/m/01s6fx	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/06274w	what sector is the sea shepherd conservation society involved in
www.freebase.com/m/020hj1	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/places_lived	www.freebase.com/m/0488g	Where did dorothy gale live
www.freebase.com/m/064q18t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	What is oleg morozov's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/09pbpj	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	is  taylor chorney left or right handed
www.freebase.com/m/04w9hvb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0k7r2	what subject is written by robert owen
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y1025	What is the name of a planetary system of the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/01fxzd	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/rank	www.freebase.com/m/02sddfn	what is the classification of anatinae
www.freebase.com/m/04t18g3	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what kind of book is coming of age
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs7dy	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of the drug hydrocortisone and acetic acid 0.01/0.02 solution
www.freebase.com/m/0213pb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/03c65lf	what is an episode from gilmore girls?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3f66f	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0c88hrp	what is the title of an edition of the book saxophone
www.freebase.com/m/0mz54l1	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0v_367	what is the recording from which the self titled release track cadillac comes
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f75qq	which artist performs the genre post-punk
www.freebase.com/m/0hnd_6s	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what kind of music is on the greatest fits
www.freebase.com/m/0g9ynsr	www.freebase.com/medicine/hospital/medical_specialties	www.freebase.com/m/01nd8	what is the medical specialty of the asian heart institute 
www.freebase.com/m/0g64h6j	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what types of music is seasons
www.freebase.com/m/0bq4xb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what type of netflix movie is the majorettes?
www.freebase.com/m/02p9fz6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0d6ztl	Who is created by mikuru asahina
www.freebase.com/m/0f7b7xd	www.freebase.com/base/services/dance_studio/forms_of_dance	www.freebase.com/m/03ppgp	Which form of dance is practiced at world dance fitness?
www.freebase.com/m/0bkvfk	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position does hjalte nørregaard play
www.freebase.com/m/0491xb1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	Which state is shady nook located
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0ghxt9	what's the name of a single-player video game
www.freebase.com/m/07gph1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kinds of music is played by eric stewart
www.freebase.com/m/027b17	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/09y0q_	azar nafisi  is known for what book
www.freebase.com/m/039c74h	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lrkz11	what track list is from the release happenstance?
www.freebase.com/m/0jsn4xq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	Where did lászló csákányi die
www.freebase.com/m/05nsm78	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/02x8rd	which platform is used in dungeon explorer: warriors of ancient arts
www.freebase.com/m/01tthm	www.freebase.com/digicams/camera_storage_type/compatible_cameras	www.freebase.com/m/03q2lg4	What camera is compatible with a secure digital card?
www.freebase.com/m/01p_r3w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gg8l	what genre of music is bryan sutton considered
www.freebase.com/m/04xdqhv	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/033qg5	Who authored the tale of the 1002nd night
www.freebase.com/m/095tsw	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	robrock1 plays what instrument
www.freebase.com/m/01j5p45	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	What type of music is healthy in paranoid times released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqm17d	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	what is the color of the ibuprofen childrens 100 suspension
www.freebase.com/m/0mdxx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0f47k08	what was the title of the composition girls just want to have fun
www.freebase.com/m/03nwv5m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	where was charles w. davis buried?
www.freebase.com/m/0299ct	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wcy80	what is a book about feminist studies?
www.freebase.com/m/04767j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/041bzs	Who wrote the lyrics for if you leave me now
www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/0cxk5s	What's a popular spot in belgrade
www.freebase.com/m/01p0jh0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	fiordaliso makes what genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/01wzz3s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/013dc18	What is a track by eric d. clark?
www.freebase.com/m/02kykd	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	which city founded bank of new york
www.freebase.com/m/062s2ks	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01rbb	The book terminal island: a jack liffey mystery is about which subject?
www.freebase.com/m/08p3wd	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	what species is the fictional character commander adama
www.freebase.com/m/0dnrc6p	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03j5_t8	what is a release of santa claus is coming to town?
www.freebase.com/m/03g6gv4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What type of music does stacked rubbish play
www.freebase.com/m/0l_p5	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02z2tmd	what airports are in the dillingham census area?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtfzmz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03n0pv	which artist recorded act 2: the bombie samba
www.freebase.com/m/0xl45f0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01k_vs6	which artist recorded grand slam - the best of babe ruth?
www.freebase.com/m/0317zz	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/02hlks5	what is a game published by mindscape group
www.freebase.com/m/0c5_3	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/023ylb	Name someone born in coventry
www.freebase.com/m/0151l_	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0153hd	what book did george cockcroft write
www.freebase.com/m/0ktgd11	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031pqnl	what album is the track mosque in
www.freebase.com/m/0dvn50r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03fkhcw	What release featured the song dead man
www.freebase.com/m/02713sr	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0d0tz9	Who's a general involved in the battle of baku
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0c_2dj	Name somebody who identifies as african american
www.freebase.com/m/027k5fn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01znc_	what is the nationality of giritli ali aziz efendi?
www.freebase.com/m/0zl2dfk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What type of composition is take down the union jack
www.freebase.com/m/0tzsm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0k3jq	What county is hadley in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hrpzc	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04ylftq	what is the 2001 edition of the book javascript: the definitive guide?
www.freebase.com/m/0260939	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	which ethnicity is arthur j. bond
www.freebase.com/m/0glt670	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03f4m9t	Name a band from the hip hop music genre
www.freebase.com/m/037t0jn	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/015r14q	What's a song released off of Ö3 greatest hits, volume 7
www.freebase.com/m/04302w	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	What religion does arthur lawley, 6th baron wenlock practice
www.freebase.com/m/0qfmp9q	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	who was lisandro duque naranjo
www.freebase.com/m/07pb1q	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is rafael araújo's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04gph0c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	in which italian city did mario carotenuto die
www.freebase.com/m/03y7ygc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	Where was 6870 pauldavies discovered
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/027_xdl	which english footballer was a career midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/04vdm2m	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what is the binding on little women: book i
www.freebase.com/m/0cpsk_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/058cm	Where was tee martin born?
www.freebase.com/m/01y1ny	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender does aristagoras identify as
www.freebase.com/m/07v64s	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02fj9h	who is the artist of baroque pop?
www.freebase.com/m/04j0pnv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what country is the film  the impossible elephant from
www.freebase.com/m/04gph7y	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/01znsy	Who is the author of the written work the steel mirror?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_lljj	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	which region is triple j: hottest 100, volume 9 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04_1055	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/016bry	Who created the music for the film the magnificent two
www.freebase.com/m/07dnnm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	which musical genre does  wickedwisdomband create
www.freebase.com/m/012s__	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/02vxy_	what religion does john iii of portugal ascribe to
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qy541	which movie is drama
www.freebase.com/m/02hldj7	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/04r_8	What OS was shogun: total war released on
www.freebase.com/m/055l672	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/056vv	What is the nationality of Nebojša Bogavac?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqlyvs	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01snr1	What pharmaceutical company makes bayer am extra stength 500/65 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0hz6hvd	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	Which country was kasam teri kasam released in
www.freebase.com/m/04w88vm	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	what is the subject for the book a portrait of england
www.freebase.com/m/038pl3	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what is the instrument played by kelly groucutt?
www.freebase.com/m/03mcv89	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	This color is one of three that represent emmanuel college: st. pauls campus.
www.freebase.com/m/02x30r4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was towelhead (film) filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7zskd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0478__m	who is the famous artist that created the recording  telephone (kaskade dub remix)
www.freebase.com/m/084dw	www.freebase.com/internet/website_category/sites	www.freebase.com/m/02vjr3q	What kind of site is a blog?
www.freebase.com/m/0crts41	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what genre is the film bleach: vol. 17: the bount
www.freebase.com/m/03026r	www.freebase.com/computer/computer/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0248b	Name the manufacturer of the commodore sx-64.
www.freebase.com/m/025v6l6	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/aircraft_type	www.freebase.com/m/077hhl	what type of aircraft is eads casa c-295
www.freebase.com/m/0d_b09	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dq9p	how did elizabeth patterson die
www.freebase.com/m/0fd3y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01vvz97	who is an ambient music artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0n82hkc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0xh6xp	what is a recording with the song grand canyon
www.freebase.com/m/04q1jw4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0j95	is lac des arcs in alberta or onatario 
www.freebase.com/m/05kh37	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0x8v1	where was andrew higgins born
www.freebase.com/m/01b7k8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/07hwkr	What is the ethnicity of ed rosenthal
www.freebase.com/m/02727ql	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04sv4	who is the publisher for the game butterfly garden
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2xrl	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what type of movie is the bruce of bannockburn
www.freebase.com/m/0n_7sz1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kind of film is burning bush?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01qxmlh	what is an album name
www.freebase.com/m/0crvn_9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	which genre in netflix is daniel & ana titled under?
www.freebase.com/m/04b0qh4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	where is the location of skyberg?
www.freebase.com/m/01js8jj	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the album golden hits released
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04c0gyf	which location can be found in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pg1vj	what jazz album is produced by ten ton chicken
www.freebase.com/m/047qdyq	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the album hymns
www.freebase.com/m/0d6jbm	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d1w9	What's the subject of the film fortress 2: re-entry
www.freebase.com/m/0m8fhrc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dmgy3v	Who released the track taxi?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03z5k1	whats the name of a football  midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/0py22wg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What kind of film is the fortress?
www.freebase.com/m/05c3r4q	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/03xj1	what is an art movement associated with eliseu visconti
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03fy6q0	Name a 1999 compilation album 
www.freebase.com/m/02ll45	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what type of film is the mission (1986 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0jbb6rv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/083dgs	Who was the composer of the song the party
www.freebase.com/m/0crz6tq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of netflix genre is the film alma
www.freebase.com/m/01t49s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What kind of tv show is courage the cowardly dog
www.freebase.com/m/09ggb4t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is bacchelli?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9szk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/048knk3	what type of subject is the work the x factor in?
www.freebase.com/m/01ffn6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which star system is 24 themis part of?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zhh1g4	which song was composed by gary numan?
www.freebase.com/m/0wyd23z	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0n2z	where was yorgos makris born at?
www.freebase.com/m/07gxw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01trfgc	Name an artist in the techno music genre. 
www.freebase.com/m/063_dk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	fantasy:mariah carey at madison square garden is an example of what kind of film
www.freebase.com/m/0fy66	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	what genre is the 1962 the manchurian candidate film 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gkscq5	Name a film in the genre of drama
www.freebase.com/m/0k90hc6	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the north
www.freebase.com/m/0cs1715	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0215n	What is genre of the film ni hao kai-lan: kai-lan's carnival
www.freebase.com/m/01qky9	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/game_versions_published	www.freebase.com/m/062th9k	what is a game issued by the brøderbund software developer
www.freebase.com/m/04wfwxn	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03ngg	what is the hot relationships book about
www.freebase.com/m/04w9cbq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04gm0	What is the subject of sign-talker?
www.freebase.com/m/0283ccp	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0k0gg	what ancient kingdom did the battle of suthul take place
www.freebase.com/m/0644_d	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	what is the legal structure of caemi
www.freebase.com/m/0vph113	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0bh8tgs	Which film did braden aftergood produce?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/06zl6f	Which composition is in the form of a song?
www.freebase.com/m/04w73gx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qt0	what type of film was the dialectic of sex
www.freebase.com/m/0f13g86	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0flsf	where did dola de john decease
www.freebase.com/m/0dx86gs	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0dx86gq	which release was in the recording traitor
www.freebase.com/m/02z6_06	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is should sailors marry? in
www.freebase.com/m/02r8893	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is lexie grey
www.freebase.com/m/047mx8t	www.freebase.com/law/inventor/inventions	www.freebase.com/m/02qf1h5	what invention was made by alexander sablukov
www.freebase.com/m/07c52	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03ntcks	what is the title of the film in the genre television
www.freebase.com/m/02rfwcf	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	Where was gerald o. young born
www.freebase.com/m/04w95s9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	What was new york written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn58dx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is jack shilkret a boy or girl
www.freebase.com/m/01k0r3s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0qlhx	who was the artist of the album original artist hit list
www.freebase.com/m/05gwxg	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	which war did the first battle of independence take place
www.freebase.com/m/0wj2qcj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0wh6x8w	What's the name of the recording for moscow
www.freebase.com/m/07f8pw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/03j24kf	Who wrote no more lonely nights?
www.freebase.com/m/066cvl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of musical genre does sky saxon create
www.freebase.com/m/0mdz7hd	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f1942m	in which release was the track i want candy
www.freebase.com/m/039g5x9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lrwt_p	What's a track off of another day
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2cl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/02qvz	WHat is antibacterial hand sanitizer a formulation of
www.freebase.com/m/07hl10	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is the main country of origin of the tuscarora language
www.freebase.com/m/0vzrt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ykg	what state does barber township belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0dygx8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country was simhadri filmed in 
www.freebase.com/m/0d7h30	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05rzlj	which episode was written by dan greaney
www.freebase.com/m/08_608	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dlm_	an individual named abdul rahman al-sudais was born where?
www.freebase.com/m/0zdczy_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	what type of character is the prince
www.freebase.com/m/091m758	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of film is timothys quest?
www.freebase.com/m/05vry9	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/06vg9d	what is a symptom of uterine fibroid
www.freebase.com/m/048qwgs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01x73	which state on the easetern seaboard is wormwood hill in
www.freebase.com/m/07ybgb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0hsqf	where did wilbur j. cohen die
www.freebase.com/m/05mrb26	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0p7sj	who is the composer of sure to fall (in love with you)
www.freebase.com/m/09jwl	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0vsh1yt	Name a musician.
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/051yb03	What is a college known for its arts and science program in india
www.freebase.com/m/0xn1k48	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/01nln	In what country was the film born this way made?
www.freebase.com/m/0fh5p0z	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wvcf5	who was the artist that released passing strange (2008 original broadway cast)
www.freebase.com/m/03f092f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	ron peno is an artist who typically makes which genre of music?
www.freebase.com/m/0xjl2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p88zt	what are gothic rock albums
www.freebase.com/m/0h5pj	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0qnvh	What is the location of the gunfight at the o.k. corral
www.freebase.com/m/03thx7t	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	What type of media is burne hogarth
www.freebase.com/m/02qqrg0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	what kind of tv show is the return of allo allo!
www.freebase.com/m/04wk76w	www.freebase.com/business/consumer_product/product_line	www.freebase.com/m/07n8g5	which product line is the kodak easyshare m1093 is a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crvd4s	What is the title of a mexico netflix film?
www.freebase.com/m/0bdwkql	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the film illicit dreams 2 from
www.freebase.com/m/0dl567	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	In which genre is taylor swift in?
www.freebase.com/m/04jbw5q	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	which war was vladimir dragomirov involved in?
www.freebase.com/m/09_vfv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09949m	where would you find yıldız technical university
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f8w6jj	What is the name of a music album?
www.freebase.com/m/079lntw	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/079lny0	who was on revealed with jules asner - season 3 
www.freebase.com/m/0bwcnq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the original language of the book titled secret water
www.freebase.com/m/05rh2	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06bnzg	what's a town that's on prince edward island
www.freebase.com/m/0155jm	www.freebase.com/language/language_writing_system/languages	www.freebase.com/m/01l1db	what language uses the malayalam alphabet?
www.freebase.com/m/064kcc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country is george griffith form?
www.freebase.com/m/06ct9y_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0bvnyl	Who is the author of the book titled poems
www.freebase.com/m/04w9x5q	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05djc	what is the the great starvation experiment book about
www.freebase.com/m/01sjds0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01j_66z	Who was the artist for homesick for the road?
www.freebase.com/m/0jz12	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/05qd_	what production company produced the miracle of morgan's creek 
www.freebase.com/m/05w1b3	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hw1j	who wrote the screenplay for the tomb of ligeia
www.freebase.com/m/01nycg3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of alvin 'youngblood' hart?
www.freebase.com/m/03h21m8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06y57	where was nathan jawai born
www.freebase.com/m/03hf_rm	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0kyzy9t	what are some strategy video games
www.freebase.com/m/03ffx30	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where in europe was future trance, volume 39 released
www.freebase.com/m/038f_g	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04zlmb	What gaming company published schizm: mysterious journey
www.freebase.com/m/04swd	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03wg4s4	Who was someone born in moscow?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3jzw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05g9_	What is the subject of the written work Emergence?
www.freebase.com/m/0zh52nw	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0136pk	who was the lyricist that composed the fuse
www.freebase.com/m/04t3v7m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what is the subject matter of homicide
www.freebase.com/m/0264ptv	www.freebase.com/base/thoroughbredracing/thoroughbred_racehorse/sex	www.freebase.com/m/0c0ygc	what type of horse is conquistador cielo
www.freebase.com/m/0948ch	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/086g2	What city is vidyasagar university located in
www.freebase.com/m/0wqvg4	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0n6x__5	Who released the album cayman islands?
www.freebase.com/m/01kk3lb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kk2d8	What's an album featuring bob wills
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0mwwv	what is the name of a county in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/04ds9	www.freebase.com/people/family/country	www.freebase.com/m/01hs96	what country is the karađorđević dynasty from
www.freebase.com/m/0pjsf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02j9pq	Where was the place of death of stefan zweig
www.freebase.com/m/0drjmrx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nyx5k	which artist recorded freestyle?
www.freebase.com/m/08r4x3	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01z7s_	who is the director of the bobby film
www.freebase.com/m/02m27p	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/body_of_water_extra/fish	www.freebase.com/m/02pd8_	what fish can be found in the toledo bend reservoir
www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/02by24	who can play the saxophone?
www.freebase.com/m/0qchmn_	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/092ggq	what artist is on the album good girls go bad
www.freebase.com/m/01p45_v	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0brx0q	what song has michael nesmith written lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/01pcq3	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what's a language that anna paquin can speak
www.freebase.com/m/09yfz6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	who was the publisher of def jam fight for ny: the takeover
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/047dbsw	who has played pitcher in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0fppd1f	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is eric stanze's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs510h	Name a concert film
www.freebase.com/m/0sjrdc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0sdzbr	what is the canonical version of baltimore called
www.freebase.com/m/04_6q3	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/06pk25	who created william birkin
www.freebase.com/m/02lt8	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06ksy8v	what book was written by the author edgar allan poe
www.freebase.com/m/0ngfs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02pwqy4	Which are is itawamba county located in?
www.freebase.com/m/03h_tq9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	what kind of music does mar perform 
www.freebase.com/m/02x6y7f	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is street warz
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03c6d1l	Name a mystery book
www.freebase.com/m/0crs716	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/09q17	what genre is stooges: the men behind the mayhem on netflix 
www.freebase.com/m/0rrhcq	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0368_l6	what release is from the recording soldier?
www.freebase.com/m/0gmlyzk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	what country did vodka factory originate from
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01tscn	what is a market town in the united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0vb48d5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01crd5	what asian country is julisita salcedo from
www.freebase.com/m/04l26r	www.freebase.com/internet/top_level_domain/sponsor	www.freebase.com/m/01210w	what university sponsored lc
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv8q8	What is the name of a film in the drama genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0h953	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc52j	what is a radio station that plays fred astaire 
www.freebase.com/m/0bvc323	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	in what country was swing under the swastika filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0b6jmkn	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/078ds	What is arthur v. dias's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/09l65	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/063_6f5	Name a singer.
www.freebase.com/m/0hqswvk	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/09gwd	what is the active ingredient of premasol - sulfite-free (amino acid)
www.freebase.com/m/01lg02p	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was double easy: the u.s. singles released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_f5k86	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the compositional form of the safest way into tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/05znw4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	what caused william bull nelson's death
www.freebase.com/m/0r_ch	www.freebase.com/location/citytown/postal_codes	www.freebase.com/m/03dpjs4	What is the postal code in hilo, hawaii
www.freebase.com/m/026tztb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was sing a song of six pants originally released?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j35x5	what movie is a thriller (genre)?
www.freebase.com/m/04wb2t0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is tibet, tibet written about?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwd17h	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mrrls5	What is the name of one of the song in the crab claw collective album?
www.freebase.com/m/048cl	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/033mkn	Who did karl marx influence?
www.freebase.com/m/0qhc_70	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was free the music released in?
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06985k	who plays midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/01jwvp5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of plastic green head
www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/056wyp	What's a character from the dc universe
www.freebase.com/m/082v3p	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01f4wx	Where was chocoball mukai born
www.freebase.com/m/03mgj19	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvzf	What position does kevin nastiuk play?
www.freebase.com/m/0cgt6p3	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06_kh	Where did jane allen die?
www.freebase.com/m/05fwxvt	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/08tdpb	whats an example of classical revival architectural style
www.freebase.com/m/07kjlvc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07dfk	which japanese city was hisashi kobayashi born in
www.freebase.com/m/0bj5d31	www.freebase.com/film/film/edited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0841ns	what is the name of the independent filmmaker director of portrait of jason
www.freebase.com/m/034lhg	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0hn4h	what vietnamese city was dat phan born in
www.freebase.com/m/01r48j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	Which country is capri located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02hm9fb	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03bzjmb	who was the developer for the game mojo!?
www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04zm6z	Name a record producer
www.freebase.com/m/0fl_f4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d2ww	What is Amber Chia's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0h2rl	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_object/created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hbzy	who created the silmaril
www.freebase.com/m/0cfkvd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What kind of series is here comes peter cottontail?
www.freebase.com/m/0486z63	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p2t4	Which county is judd hill located in
www.freebase.com/m/0zxx9rz	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was not so far away written in 
www.freebase.com/m/0fm4h9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	what style of music does andrei volkonsky sing
www.freebase.com/m/02wtf6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does lobo create
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gkxzyt	what are thriller (genre) films?
www.freebase.com/m/093shy	www.freebase.com/geography/lake_type/lakes_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0gh8btn	What is an example of a reservoir lake
www.freebase.com/m/06_bg8v	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0dvgt	what kind of architectural style is united methodist church of batavia 
www.freebase.com/m/03fq8fv	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m5jldd	What;s a track off a little bit faster and a little bit worse
www.freebase.com/m/018n9d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03g8g_x	Name one of the albums that was recorded by talib kweli.
www.freebase.com/m/082z8kb	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/0f__1	Where was the book psalms published
www.freebase.com/m/07s9tl	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/05l5n	What city does the river evenlode flow through
www.freebase.com/m/06wrlw	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/02y3pq	What city does north luzon expressway pass through
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtzy1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/07vq83	what category does mouse epithelium 0.1 injectable solution  belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0crsf7j	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What kind of movie is fists and guts?
www.freebase.com/m/04_vgv	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t0rx3	what's one of the books written by rick atkinson
www.freebase.com/m/0805vbb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did hercules bellville die
www.freebase.com/m/031bf1	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0qf0q	what films did lloyd kaufman write?
www.freebase.com/m/0g3mxcr	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what regions is his california album released?
www.freebase.com/m/04z_1td	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05sj0j	Where was shigeko higashikuni born
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01swm20	Name a punk rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04n2xjd	what is an album by Chico DeBarge?
www.freebase.com/m/033tw8	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/us_representative/state	www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	what state does earl blumenauer represent
www.freebase.com/m/048r985	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m2lt	In which town is auburn located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqk7qm	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is puerto rico known to be
www.freebase.com/m/09j3dv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ftyc	what is the place of birth of frank e. petersen?
www.freebase.com/m/03q65lf	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/09gjxsj	In what media was la grande récréation created?
www.freebase.com/m/04gr723	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What is the nationality of alberto aguilera
www.freebase.com/m/05pcjw	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0bn3hs	what is a private university?
www.freebase.com/m/0lh94b2	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	which country did the lost tape originate from
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0m9p3	whats a movie title that is a netflix drama
www.freebase.com/m/0j27n5r	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/08nhg0p	who was the executive producer of stuck in love
www.freebase.com/m/03pxsv	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	what type of university is southwest agricultural university
www.freebase.com/m/0t_ltt3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Which nation is philippe durand originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/01pd_y	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02scvxs	what is homo ergaster
www.freebase.com/m/0bnq_my	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	which gender is robert weil
www.freebase.com/m/0cs097_	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0j2h3bh	who is a child of shannon walker williams
www.freebase.com/m/03thbw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/081m_	which city was jerzy wasowski born 
www.freebase.com/m/09lbv	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01vt6yt	who is a professional drummer 
www.freebase.com/m/03cwr8j	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of facts of life
www.freebase.com/m/0491hqn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country contains fairwood hills
www.freebase.com/m/03m5960	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what type of fighting technique does jesús kiki rojas perform
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/04204g	what Romanian player plays as a center in basketball?
www.freebase.com/m/0bflz9p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is cezar moraes
www.freebase.com/m/03ck6l2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where did maurice gifford die?
www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/05fyrr	What's a metropolitan area in eastern daylight time
www.freebase.com/m/0583hr	www.freebase.com/film/film/rating	www.freebase.com/m/0kprd8	What is lifeforce (film) rated
www.freebase.com/m/01c5zw	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/02z5lc	which are some hubs the norwegian air shuttle flies to?
www.freebase.com/m/04w275s	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0cjr0	what is the topic of the creation of the world or globalization
www.freebase.com/m/02hl4g1	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/09h57	who released marathon infinity
www.freebase.com/m/03gg01y	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/08y5_8	Name an artist on the radioio classic rnb.
www.freebase.com/m/02hmqd	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01m9	centre wellington is a notable type of what
www.freebase.com/m/01pmsxp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0b6kftz	Where is little jimmy dickens from?
www.freebase.com/m/026sdt1	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0myrprb	Name a costume designer
www.freebase.com/m/02y29y	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01803s	what is one of the master's powers 
www.freebase.com/m/05dgr0n	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/03p01x	who is the writer of pilot
www.freebase.com/m/0h2tgd_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	what country released the movie glasnost rock - rock summer 88
www.freebase.com/m/07vvd5k	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/prevention_factors	www.freebase.com/m/04nl3c	Name a histamine used to treat a Duodenal Ulcer.
www.freebase.com/m/037vmpb	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was beginnings released 
www.freebase.com/m/03vn6n	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/039kvj	who was born in bleiburg
www.freebase.com/m/01kckpx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is thirty years of funk 1969-1999: the anthology
www.freebase.com/m/01nh5r4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	what is the genre associated with seven more minutes
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y7lbz	What is the name discovered in 1973 on the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/056ws9	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0mwfph8	Name an animated film produced by dreamworks animation
www.freebase.com/m/02hm95r	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01n073	Who developed fifa soccer 2004
www.freebase.com/m/02crm1	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/018k_s	What is the architectural style of federal hall?
www.freebase.com/m/016szch	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02rt93d	what jazz musician recorded a farewell to arms
www.freebase.com/m/013s5mr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03bl019	what album does soledad appear on
www.freebase.com/m/0sx09	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	What genre of music is van der graaf generator?
www.freebase.com/m/048yyp1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	The west cedar rapids is a part of what country?
www.freebase.com/m/027tfy6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	which state is salmon–huckleberry wilderness in 
www.freebase.com/m/0jwpx4c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02psqkz	what is cesare canevari's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04w7sl1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	What did winston churchill write about?
www.freebase.com/m/0ll46kx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what genre is dear prudence
www.freebase.com/m/0398th0	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the release format of bloodline ep
www.freebase.com/m/0w3mgr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/033s6	which artist recorded don’t stop (outtake)?
www.freebase.com/m/04rg6	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bc1ggb	Name a film produced by mack sennett
www.freebase.com/m/0j8pms6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what was jean-félix maynard most known for
www.freebase.com/m/02wz016	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	is biggest loser jeetega in english or chinese
www.freebase.com/m/03qcgr2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in which language is the united states of tara program spoken
www.freebase.com/m/05xgyn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	Where was rudolf charousek when he died
www.freebase.com/m/06_wg2s	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where is the lion, the witch and the wardrobe from
www.freebase.com/m/01lfp03	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was argus released
www.freebase.com/m/04j35cb	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/014dq7	who wrote the film the glass house
www.freebase.com/m/0zdbrxd	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/096gm	Where did teodor pîca die?
www.freebase.com/m/07fs16	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	What religion does vladimír holan practice
www.freebase.com/m/05t6jsf	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/026kds	what game console is super punch-out!! played on 
www.freebase.com/m/0310cy	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/09gcq6n	What is an event that takes place at san josé del cabo?
www.freebase.com/m/04gjc39	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04czhj	what company did produce the cheetah girls: pop star sensations
www.freebase.com/m/0dd26b	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/appears_in_these_fictional_universes	www.freebase.com/m/01q_ks	What fictional universe does lesla-lar appear in?
www.freebase.com/m/0q5870f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	What genre of music is thee attacks
www.freebase.com/m/03c2z_9	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01008t	where is john j. bell's birthplace
www.freebase.com/m/01z22c9	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcrv	what time zone is tyonek in
www.freebase.com/m/0190_q	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p_twn	what is a space rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/01tthm	www.freebase.com/digicams/camera_storage_type/compatible_cameras	www.freebase.com/m/03q2qv9	a secure digital card is compatible with what camera
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0v9g6	Name a place in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/03h_fqv	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zj8vc1	which song did tom waits wrote the lyrics for?
www.freebase.com/m/06zt3dy	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is lake arrowhead in?
www.freebase.com/m/02jlws	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/05ksxc	which political party has centrism as an ideology 
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0h7m2rl	What genre is Kazz Kumar's music? 
www.freebase.com/m/0417rlk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is cimarron rose written in?
www.freebase.com/m/03c8j84	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/05vyk	what is camille-marie stamaty known for
www.freebase.com/m/01206f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	What is Zalman Schachter-Shalomi's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0f7g6sr	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_9jm_	which track was in the release splendid isolation
www.freebase.com/m/047dty6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what type of celestial object is 15902 dostál
www.freebase.com/m/01jlpl	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04txc6h	What's a book published through bantam spectra
www.freebase.com/m/080m6m	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03d8hrp	Name a soldier involved in the battle of james island.
www.freebase.com/m/03ckl60	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What location is Saluda Township contained in?
www.freebase.com/m/03c9nn_	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	desert driven was filmed in what country?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv6h5	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/formulation_of	www.freebase.com/m/02pzhs	what is the formulation of captopril 50 tablet 
www.freebase.com/m/06608_r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kinds of music is swingin with bud
www.freebase.com/m/0fdyh0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is sandrys book
www.freebase.com/m/01mwgwl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04g2bl2	what album was produced by earshot
www.freebase.com/m/03hzt	www.freebase.com/event/disaster/survivors	www.freebase.com/m/063xv_c	Who is someone that survived the holocaust
www.freebase.com/m/0fw1dyb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014hr0	what's one orchestra that recorded a version of o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/02st0w	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was dangerous released in?
www.freebase.com/m/07z_gc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	what did ruby laffoon die from?
www.freebase.com/m/064l8xd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What style music does mike elliott record?
www.freebase.com/m/02rx0p8	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is john q. jordan's ethnicity? 
www.freebase.com/m/03d_z27	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	does dr. chud play the drum kit or guitar
www.freebase.com/m/0hqglqf	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what color is the drug tolinase 250 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hll20	what game version was developed by sega?
www.freebase.com/m/0bh5pp5	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/02q8cbt	who designed the film production of the best of john belushi
www.freebase.com/m/0m0fjhy	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is marie chorre originally from?
www.freebase.com/m/0zv4x3k	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bvzp	which musician released wonderful town (2003 broadway cast)
www.freebase.com/m/02vrw5j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music is mark karan classified as
www.freebase.com/m/01h0t5	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is jason and the argonauts
www.freebase.com/m/0q758d0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0jvcgk	which artist recorded triangle
www.freebase.com/m/0gm10g0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is wake up and get healthy
www.freebase.com/m/04w2xv9	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01540	what was written in wild thoughts from wild places
www.freebase.com/m/0b7m73_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02bjrlw	what language is incontro d'amore in?
www.freebase.com/m/04tpch3	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07dt0m	who was the publisher for triple zero (star wars: republic commando)
www.freebase.com/m/01ycfv	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0v4wbt	what song did michael kamen produce?
www.freebase.com/m/033_nj	www.freebase.com/user/robert/us_congress/house_committee/current_members	www.freebase.com/m/03tk11	who is a current member of  united states house committee on the judiciary
www.freebase.com/m/0dh53	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t0503	What is the name of a book that focuses on literary criticism
www.freebase.com/m/0cxtjf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/07c9s	What is a language of the film dumm dumm dumm?
www.freebase.com/m/0d_hbk2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01p993m	which artist recorded peanut butter 
www.freebase.com/m/09v6xb7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was howard mcnair born
www.freebase.com/m/0mhjhrg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f8498t	what is a track off cars
www.freebase.com/m/0498y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0494m7b	What's a place inside kentucky
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtkl_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	How is the drug cocoa 0.05 injectable solution taken
www.freebase.com/m/0v45pvd	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What kind of release did beautiful dangerous get?
www.freebase.com/m/02rrg8	www.freebase.com/geography/river/basin_countries	www.freebase.com/m/02vzc	which country is vuoksi river in
www.freebase.com/m/01thgpv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01r44gj	which album was done by city of birmingham symphony orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/stories_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/047d0f4	what story is in the literary genre
www.freebase.com/m/0h3xqpc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what kind of celestial object is (30960) 1994 uv2?
www.freebase.com/m/05mrwx4	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	What subject does the lady takes a flyer explore?
www.freebase.com/m/0dnn6	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/06f95	what ideology does the pim fortuyn list follow
www.freebase.com/m/03j178	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	what nationality is neville southall
www.freebase.com/m/03cx7n	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/023q01	What film was paul robb the musical contributor for?
www.freebase.com/m/08j46h	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/099ty	what city and state is  centurylink arena boise located in 
www.freebase.com/m/0h6lj99	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0328vs	What is name of the satire film michael berenbaum produced?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f220z0	what album was released as an album
www.freebase.com/m/04j296n	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	What netflix genre is the company you keep in?
www.freebase.com/m/01k5ml8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is vartapet komitas's gender
www.freebase.com/m/027s3j	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01rs41	What kind of school is wheeling jesuit university?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7tndy	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m_hzkf	Name a track on girls just want to have fun
www.freebase.com/m/0fck8cr	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/0fck8h1	which album has hard times as a track?
www.freebase.com/m/03dtwrd	www.freebase.com/location/postal_code/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country includes the postal code 10453
www.freebase.com/m/0bbvryl	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	Which star system is (7693) 1982 we apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/04dhv_	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/018cy	what art school influenced marcel breuer
www.freebase.com/m/01x4cg	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v2zbl	What's a book published by doubleday (publisher)
www.freebase.com/m/03mc1y3	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what type of artwork did franz hanfstaengl create?
www.freebase.com/m/08m9y5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/021yyx	Where waS niko lozančić born
www.freebase.com/m/04t4mrq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05nrg	What is the subject of lonely vigil?
www.freebase.com/m/0gy2r5p	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0cgbf	who is cathy crawford parent?
www.freebase.com/m/0h5pgm	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/01ym8l	Who does the radio station kids stuff belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/01wr1c1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01wbg3	under what label does robert patterson work
www.freebase.com/m/03cxdxk	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does fred holdsworth play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0l5r	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/lower_classifications	www.freebase.com/m/02w07kq	What taxon does asteraceae belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02qzf1m	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	which military conflict did gotthard handrick participate in
www.freebase.com/m/047lzf4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is the sex of ludwig rehn that of female or male?
www.freebase.com/m/0hpxh9r	www.freebase.com/base/americancivilwar/military_unit/conflicts_participated_in	www.freebase.com/m/01h9zd	Which conflict did the 6th louisiana infantry regiment participate in
www.freebase.com/m/02d187	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/astronaut/missions	www.freebase.com/m/02lq_z	in which mission did ken bowersox participate
www.freebase.com/m/0lrl8z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fh0q	who is the author of change of life
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kmgsd	what is an example of a post-punk album
www.freebase.com/m/02q87yw	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Which nation is louis j. gasnier from?
www.freebase.com/m/02hml1n	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01qszl	who is the developer of dragon ball z: hyper dimension?
www.freebase.com/m/023qkf	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nation is herefordshire a part of
www.freebase.com/m/05nrg	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wb0zs	which book has oceania as it's subject
www.freebase.com/m/0qsdjlf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/02kmm	What country was birthday released in
www.freebase.com/m/01glnp	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/01gln9	this city straddles the river trent.
www.freebase.com/m/050l8	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_jurisdiction/agencies	www.freebase.com/m/09v8c6t	which agency is part of montana
www.freebase.com/m/015r61	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0g_lz	Name a modern art artist
www.freebase.com/m/01hw5ff	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	what is the type of album of titanic: music from the motion picture
www.freebase.com/m/0zgk_hl	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02vymsm	What is the name of a film that was written by francisco frazão
www.freebase.com/m/01gyxv5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was still unravished: a tribute to the june brides released 
www.freebase.com/m/0666pc	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0b9bhy	what architectural style is hôtel costes structured after?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyhj0j	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0hwqg	what is the father of nicholas curtis
www.freebase.com/m/09gk6_t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the musical format of the wood and the wire?
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5wnp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0344gc	what romantic independent movies feature Halle berry and billy bob thornton
www.freebase.com/m/06bvp	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04xdr_9	what work is about religion?
www.freebase.com/m/0bzz98	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02ldv0	what was the director of miles from home?
www.freebase.com/m/03hmzc_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is jefferson in?
www.freebase.com/m/09d5vj	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_facility/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0l8nd5p	what team plays at jack stephens center?
www.freebase.com/m/04y6n87	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/078tg	which religion does inalchuq practice 
www.freebase.com/m/04wbq3h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	what is the subject of reconciliation through truth 
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03wf47l	Which book is written about?
www.freebase.com/m/04j04xz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is the untouchable
www.freebase.com/m/0yx_w	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/08mhyd	who was the cinematographer for rain man 
www.freebase.com/m/0frcyn5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04rjdn	Which artist is credited with the recording arizona?
www.freebase.com/m/07kclq9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02bmc2	who is a heavy drug (surrender sounds mix) artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0gmg8zp	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is david arkin from?
www.freebase.com/m/027qcxg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	where was william johnson buried at?
www.freebase.com/m/0288gdn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05pnl0	Where is the rajendra agricultural university
www.freebase.com/m/02hl8yw	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/050xd	what video game platform is dragonsphere 
www.freebase.com/m/022d26	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	what is mikhail kalinin's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_bkrf	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	what position does andre branch play at in american football?
www.freebase.com/m/0h73112	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is lala kewal krishnan sikand from
www.freebase.com/m/04v9n9s	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/035qh3	who published the book edition shadows linger
www.freebase.com/m/04v8r3c	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/021h0t	what is the earlier edition of black beauty (read & listen books)?
www.freebase.com/m/04mpgw	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is the west virginia school of osteopathic medicine in
www.freebase.com/m/04w4lyk	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	Whats the subject of the book christ au liban
www.freebase.com/m/0b7mn98	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is the film desire from
www.freebase.com/m/0ggp7h	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/mascot	www.freebase.com/m/0by6z	which mascot represents manchester high school
www.freebase.com/m/0yd_h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04c8s	Name a person born in lenoir.
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw8y_	Name a drama film. 
www.freebase.com/m/05gxd9	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05hks	Who is the father of grand duchess maria nikolaevna of russia?
www.freebase.com/m/02z37	www.freebase.com/education/academic/advisees	www.freebase.com/m/05vvc2	who is the advisee to fred hoyle
www.freebase.com/m/0cby3n	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0263lp	What organization did millard drexler found
www.freebase.com/m/04f683m	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/05zypb	who is the architect of the bass museum?
www.freebase.com/m/0b44r05	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country released tales from the hollywood hills: closed set
www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/08l8zj	Who plays keyboard?
www.freebase.com/m/0lhd6nf	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ben goddard's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02665zq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language was the film the battle of midway made
www.freebase.com/m/01s65zj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190xp	stravaganzza is best identified under what musical genre
www.freebase.com/m/098_rz	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of school is rancho san joaquin middle school
www.freebase.com/m/0jkz5y7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what is the genre of daniel peixoto?
www.freebase.com/m/0jrgr	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/03xnx11	which artist plays under the folk metal genre
www.freebase.com/m/06jhqcb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is sex in dangerous places filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/072v_q	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/0f018	who is the architect of grand prince hotel akasaka
www.freebase.com/m/0cv3jqr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01rhrd	what nation is predrag damnjanovic from
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gy8n9j	What is an example of a fantasy film
www.freebase.com/m/0dcqh	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/04bgbl	Who is a notable person with multiple sclerosis?
www.freebase.com/m/06539zr	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0g6ff	what is the ethnicity of alexsandr sakov
www.freebase.com/m/04w9gvj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what kind of book is yezhov
www.freebase.com/m/0y8cdsp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what type of show is guys grocery games?
www.freebase.com/m/0qdzd	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crt9s0	what is an example of a b movie?
www.freebase.com/m/0vp1g3b	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is austin known as?
www.freebase.com/m/088vb	www.freebase.com/base/locations/countries/continent	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	What continent is zambia a part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0g_bh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01s6slh	which album is performed in the post-rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/09pgc6w	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was made in heaven filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/014qyl6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05zprh	Which artist recorded suicide?
www.freebase.com/m/03glth	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language is the movie bitter moon in?
www.freebase.com/m/01lsq2k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0190zy	What type of music does baaba maal write
www.freebase.com/m/04n3ww4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	What is the nationality of anup kumar
www.freebase.com/m/02r7441	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04psf	how did john meredyth lucas die
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0v_kfmv	Name a film director.
www.freebase.com/m/08zn1f	www.freebase.com/internet/website_category/sites	www.freebase.com/m/0466rgs	What is a site that falls in the video game journalism category
www.freebase.com/m/03rlt	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w6s32	What is a book written about the internet?
www.freebase.com/m/0wrr	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/featured_characters	www.freebase.com/m/05mxw	Name a character from asterix
www.freebase.com/m/081vq9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	What is jeff brantley notable for
www.freebase.com/m/0c99tj	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What type of movie is mera gaon mera desh
www.freebase.com/m/04wcs_x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the subject of the book an introduction to anglo-saxon england
www.freebase.com/m/04q0_kg	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what kind of game is quantum theory
www.freebase.com/m/01tnmnn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0133_p	what music does moth make?
www.freebase.com/m/04t1280	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	What city is the subject of the dud avocado
www.freebase.com/m/05ywxkz	www.freebase.com/base/meedan/arabic_language_media_source/city	www.freebase.com/m/09bjv	where is aliwaa newspaper headquartered
www.freebase.com/m/0nsxz_k	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0nsxztv	which song is contained of count on me
www.freebase.com/m/0hqr9dz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/0ksgj	What is the active ingredient in anpitua stim
www.freebase.com/m/0kb91jy	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/01h96s	This man is the father of brion leonard ford.
www.freebase.com/m/049_1xm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is Creighton located?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrtzq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	whats the legal status of amoxicillin 200 soluable tablet
www.freebase.com/m/09ghfky	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country is logan, edgar county, illinois located
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0jdxmz2	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0x7h3	what location is part of the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/07yjndt	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jw08v	who produced death at a funeral?
www.freebase.com/m/04ybyp9	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	which instrument was played  in rem urasin
www.freebase.com/m/0crsn26	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre does rabid dogs best fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0d850w	What is a title of a book on psychology 
www.freebase.com/m/024hbh8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0234np	who is the artist that made the recording bp?
www.freebase.com/m/03fhpf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	What country is oslo university college in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid_group/asteroid_group_members	www.freebase.com/m/08lw4m	what is an asteroid in the asteroid belt
www.freebase.com/m/0fq05mr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is spoken in the film pyar ka devta
www.freebase.com/m/07cfxs5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/07nn0xf	Name a man shops globe episode
www.freebase.com/m/02hczc	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0x4dc	which village is located in the mountain time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0hqvb0n	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/06vqn8	What's the active ingredient in patrick dempsey 2 moisturizer
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/026q2k7	what is a drama film?
www.freebase.com/m/07lnk	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01q1kyc	who is an artist that records trance music?
www.freebase.com/m/01pgbqd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01gbcf	what type of music does rodan (band) play
www.freebase.com/m/09rjzx9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is the gallant blade
www.freebase.com/m/08m3_7m	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/0bth54	stefan dechant was the art director of what film
www.freebase.com/m/0329b08	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/018c1_c	whats the title of a track featured on  coriolis
www.freebase.com/m/04jhgvp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	where is faith global from?
www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l60ct	what album is funk?
www.freebase.com/m/027r8jl	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	What genre of music is beyond the valley...?
www.freebase.com/m/0gktn9t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What kind of film is hakunamatata - a story of jirani?
www.freebase.com/m/0j0k	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07m0km	whats the name of a river in Iran that is found in the country of  asia
www.freebase.com/m/07_dkh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	Which genre of music does emma donovan create
www.freebase.com/m/01n77z8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what genre of music is the album bonnie's kitchen #2 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/0vvbqf1	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0f0gt_	whats  megan chengs ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0nb7s84	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what's steins;gate: fuka ryōiki no déjà vu's genre designation
www.freebase.com/m/0gd3dz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of quinn norton
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0c879b	Who was born in the united states?
www.freebase.com/m/050swh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0gwyztd	what are albums by mastodon (band)
www.freebase.com/m/05s_00k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	What genre is the tv show dogs 101
www.freebase.com/m/04t098h	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the other bells for us to ring book about
www.freebase.com/m/0x4qlc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/024b856	what is the canonical version of black sheep
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04cvpnf	what documentary film is based on the dalai lama
www.freebase.com/m/0dg8fj	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0183z2	where did the battle of carrizal take place
www.freebase.com/m/0b__n1v	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02rvwt	what genre is raghunath seth
www.freebase.com/m/0cc04hj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04vcs6	where in germany was eduard wehder born in?
www.freebase.com/m/074pb1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/05ng77f	What show did gary conway direct episodes for?
www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/0gg33p	which military personnel was involved in the american civil war
www.freebase.com/m/0dt9xn9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album is just dance
www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06zn69l	Name a chiropractic college located outside California
www.freebase.com/m/02pm8vk	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	Which position does dave beaumont play
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wbxr2	what is an example of an adventure book?
www.freebase.com/m/081qc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w6ccc	which book is about the subject of wine
www.freebase.com/m/0g79f5w	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0421vb	Who was the artist that created live in paris (2003)
www.freebase.com/m/011c5m3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02jg92	who released an album called midnight rider
www.freebase.com/m/0ksztd6	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031ks50	what release is i shall be released on 
www.freebase.com/m/0_gq5pz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0sw11	Where was John Macleod born?
www.freebase.com/m/0zftgwz	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/producing_company	www.freebase.com/m/04jcft	What producing company released the winter's tale?
www.freebase.com/m/0b44bwf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what kind of film is frühlingsrauschen
www.freebase.com/m/0hpfddd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	What genre is courir dans les escaliers
www.freebase.com/m/0c4d4ng	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What is the the sicilian girl's country of origin
www.freebase.com/m/063drh	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k0sx_	Who produced monster-in-law
www.freebase.com/m/0fz3zcr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	that's amore by dean martin, is what kind of album
www.freebase.com/m/016hrc	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbwn0	where can one find judy collins's content
www.freebase.com/m/02q9wv9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5nxs	What kind of netflix movie is stomp out loud?
www.freebase.com/m/01t8sr	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/01_9fk	what kind of school is tennessee state university
www.freebase.com/m/0fjl6f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is naftoli trop's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0b7thy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	what kind of music does jim vallance make?
www.freebase.com/m/04tsc7m	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0c4sd5	which company published guts
www.freebase.com/m/016clz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01nqckb	What is an alternative rock from Australia? 
www.freebase.com/m/05f881c	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	What kind of film is hell squad
www.freebase.com/m/03b63x	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04q7dm0	Who is someone born in zelenograd
www.freebase.com/m/05qd_	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/072192	Name a film produced by paramount pictures
www.freebase.com/m/026412f	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ng1g6	What artist produced the album mix it up
www.freebase.com/m/01hpf6	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/04q6dt2	What's a title published by snk playmore
www.freebase.com/m/02rpmc3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljr7	which profession in sports is adolph bachmeier known for?
www.freebase.com/m/05c4v55	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/026z9	what genre is the complete boney m.
www.freebase.com/m/070c4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hmc99	Name a computer video game played on the super nintendo entertainment system.
www.freebase.com/m/01hbgr7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album was walking man?
www.freebase.com/m/04g0fc8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is mendez vs. westminster: for all the children in?
www.freebase.com/m/07r9ftl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is lorenzo balducci's country of nationality
www.freebase.com/m/07kfmyp	www.freebase.com/film/film_production_designer/films_production_designed	www.freebase.com/m/028xg0	Name a film that henning von gierke did the film production design for
www.freebase.com/m/0d3401	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04ymln	what is the genre of the album the anatomy of 
www.freebase.com/m/026bc85	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fly	where in austrailia is municipality of kiama the located in
www.freebase.com/m/0cs0zm3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	Is deep purple: concerto for group and orchestra a documentary or horror movie
www.freebase.com/m/04ykcz	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02_q6v	who is the weddell seal named after
www.freebase.com/m/0j768df	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is seong-min kang's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02r4mmx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which genre of film is 36 ghante titled in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0nmw9y0	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ty6lpm	What song is believe a recording of
www.freebase.com/m/072cnh	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of chris stamey
www.freebase.com/m/0gnsw5	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02x_m1	who was the author of apartment zero
www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/09qck	Name a food that can be eaten on a vegetarian cuisine
www.freebase.com/m/01hl64	www.freebase.com/visual_art/art_period_movement/associated_artworks	www.freebase.com/m/08jn3p	what art is futurism
www.freebase.com/m/0bvr_3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what is soumodip sarkars place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/0g5q5cm	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is the profession of roy allen smith
www.freebase.com/m/0xt778r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0yb_ks8	what is a track on changeling 
www.freebase.com/m/04w293_	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01sr0	What is the subject of the book cognition in the wild
www.freebase.com/m/04c1l4n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	what state is ticktown in
www.freebase.com/m/03cdsrv	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/020749	what were the names of gaku hashimoto's parents
www.freebase.com/m/0nby1tk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0nby2p6	what is the original song of the recording this is the end?
www.freebase.com/m/03gjzk	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0rd_xb5	Name a television producer
www.freebase.com/m/0262lr3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/01_x6v	who directed miss teacher bangs a boy
www.freebase.com/m/025sf9q	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/tissue_location	www.freebase.com/m/06z04	where is sulfur located 
www.freebase.com/m/0kr_t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	What label is coldplay associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/04n0njd	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05f2jk	who is the music director of the film shrimps for a day
www.freebase.com/m/0ghwzz5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0bt5w	where was paul bontenbal born?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl1nd	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02q8lm3	What is the title of a game made by mistwalker?
www.freebase.com/m/048y_6x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is grand junction?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs2w7	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/014d3g	What is the active ingredient of reprexain
www.freebase.com/m/02r6nr2	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which position does chan wing hoong play 
www.freebase.com/m/04whtlw	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	Which genre of book is judas island?
www.freebase.com/m/02hxph_	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/04hhv	What is the main country of the sila language?
www.freebase.com/m/04whdlk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hwxm	what type of book is a murder on the appian way?
www.freebase.com/m/0dqf3kc	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	What kind of album is the best remixes
www.freebase.com/m/03_dxb	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bv5rwt	which movie is written by scott caan
www.freebase.com/m/07_jwx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01n7	what is south circular road, dublin
www.freebase.com/m/0fr3qdb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fr3qfl	what are songs of the songs from the south album
www.freebase.com/m/010s4b	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/place	www.freebase.com/m/010s4b	where is goldendale, washington located
www.freebase.com/m/0480fyc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l_wj	where is labouchere bay
www.freebase.com/m/0wfmvnz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ssf9t	The album ima boss is by which artist?
www.freebase.com/m/08304	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/041tmv	william morris designed this building located in Southeast London, England.
www.freebase.com/m/0d4mk6	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0m4mb	What kind of school is durban girls college?
www.freebase.com/m/086h6p	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/04152n9	What is the name of a game that was published by sce studio liverpool?
www.freebase.com/m/09k7cff	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What is orbited by 9108 toruyusa
www.freebase.com/m/03brpg	www.freebase.com/geography/river/mouth	www.freebase.com/m/0bt7c	what is the mouth name of the  conejos river 
www.freebase.com/m/0h3tlpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what kind of music does rosie hardman sing?
www.freebase.com/m/0fj330k	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/035qy	which country was earth released in
www.freebase.com/m/0j65xzx	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0640wnj	Who directed "stories on human rights?"
www.freebase.com/m/0lk48kz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037q2pr	what is a release from the track complication?
www.freebase.com/m/03y2svr	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What category of celestial object is 7624 gluck?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzt9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cxcnf	Who is a major general born in richmond
www.freebase.com/m/0b64rz3	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/033_m2	which film was john ralph the film art director for
www.freebase.com/m/01hg8c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what was otto kretschmer's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/025rt2s	www.freebase.com/book/periodical_subject/periodicals	www.freebase.com/m/0blc_9d	Name a periodical that's subject is leadership
www.freebase.com/m/01w9ph_	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the american poet from
www.freebase.com/m/0dbl_4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0vjs6	what type of film is berettas island
www.freebase.com/m/01t8yt_	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what ethnicity is clifford gibson
www.freebase.com/m/027rn	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/02c99v	what cyclones have hit dominican republic?
www.freebase.com/m/01zn4y	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/newspaper	www.freebase.com/m/026c55b	what newspaper is from the university of leicester?
www.freebase.com/m/0dy4mm7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03837dk	what album was the recording fantasy from
www.freebase.com/m/0msgcg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05qw5	Who recorded the track redondo beach
www.freebase.com/m/01slprn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01dqhcn	What is the name of a track by the artist siskid
www.freebase.com/m/01kthqv	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what type of music is found on born dead
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h3y5kq	What drama came out in 2011
www.freebase.com/m/0z9ymsd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	which country is kim jin-man from
www.freebase.com/m/046337y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0ybpcv8	which album did joyce didonato record?
www.freebase.com/m/037vcz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0r4rj	Where did ned sparks die?
www.freebase.com/m/0dzxdx	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	what is the second level division of brig?
www.freebase.com/m/03y8xd	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/045zvcv	what radio station broadcasted skeeter davis
www.freebase.com/m/01n68s2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what music genre is on the return of the durutti column?
www.freebase.com/m/02r2kln	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0xtz9	where did the battle of el brazito happen
www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w4nhm	what is the work of the book subject new jersey?
www.freebase.com/m/01_fv0	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/higher_classification	www.freebase.com/m/01nbfd	What is a higher classification of hickory
www.freebase.com/m/064100h	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gywn	what kind of music does davichi make
www.freebase.com/m/0nl9kq1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016h4r	who recorded the song happy happy birthday baby?
www.freebase.com/m/02rbb3y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/080mlbt	which albums were produced by le loup?
www.freebase.com/m/0drq7gv	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k8qm3	What type of release was offramp
www.freebase.com/m/027xtwf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03_9r	which languages were spoken in the film picture bride?
www.freebase.com/m/028955m	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wfnyl	what is the title of a book created by the author  james wesley rawles
www.freebase.com/m/05nmwx	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01f9wm	who was the publisher that put out ignition
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qk_82	what are titles of family films
www.freebase.com/m/0724h	www.freebase.com/dining/cuisine/restaurant	www.freebase.com/m/07hq4s	What is a restaurant with southern united states food?
www.freebase.com/m/0fz762	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	Where was john m. parker when he died
www.freebase.com/m/02czn	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04v1hrs	what is an edition of the book tao te ching
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03qndb5	Which former football player was a forward?
www.freebase.com/m/0fwfflx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv17	what type of album is itunes live from soho?
www.freebase.com/m/09zy9xg	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What kind of movie is the gentle barn?
www.freebase.com/m/026zlyr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of ignacio piatti?
www.freebase.com/m/02gts8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Which European nation is johannes valentinus andreae from?
www.freebase.com/m/0cs2rsb	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the genre of the movie the passion of the mao?
www.freebase.com/m/0dsh870	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is rare gems in?
www.freebase.com/m/02nwm0g	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is mrs. dashwood's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/07f7jp	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02vn148	Name film produced by dan schneider (tv producer).
www.freebase.com/m/07j7d_g	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/023rr3	How is captain blood: his odyssey bound?
www.freebase.com/m/03cvyry	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/05b_n3x	Who made the music for black arrow
www.freebase.com/m/0n5vdnp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which association football position did stefan thesker play
www.freebase.com/m/01w_3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt5w1	what is cholesterol used in
www.freebase.com/m/028kj0	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/0j_19p	who was the casting director for orange county
www.freebase.com/m/0w44bq7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	What is the genre of the album no way to say
www.freebase.com/m/065ky	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0wzkxq_	What is place located in pyrenees?
www.freebase.com/m/05dl_j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06fhh4	what region in the southern part of Guinea contains macenta
www.freebase.com/m/0h97svg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what kind of music does wheels on fire make?
www.freebase.com/m/0jb8n6w	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	Name Ralph de Vito's profession.
www.freebase.com/m/0y3_8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/049g50t	what girl group sings in the synthpop style
www.freebase.com/m/0bnp11w	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0js9s	what film maker is katie jackson the daughter of
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv7x7	what is a family film
www.freebase.com/m/0ryk_	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/056xxm8	what is a movie filmed in dallas
www.freebase.com/m/02pp18f	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/099ks0	what production company is associated with roadside romeo
www.freebase.com/m/04fcnv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where is joan bennett kennedy from
www.freebase.com/m/08079ps	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is highball from
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05sqgc_	what is a drama movie
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gx0cs_	which is the name of a drama film released in 1920?
www.freebase.com/m/02j_j0	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/02w97lh	what is the film from the production company working title films
www.freebase.com/m/03bz4b	www.freebase.com/religion/place_of_worship/religion	www.freebase.com/m/092bf5	What religion does yakushi-ji serve
www.freebase.com/m/0lvhytm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/011q2qg	what recording has the release track senseless
www.freebase.com/m/01w3fq	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/034wx3	where was the burial place of hercules robinson, 1st baron rosmead
www.freebase.com/m/0_63747	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01mt_zj	who is the lyricist for the composition whats this?!!
www.freebase.com/m/01pkxs9	www.freebase.com/music/featured_artist/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/0f0stcn	WHat's a recording from keyshia cole
www.freebase.com/m/0g939q5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n0fmqh	what is on the track list for the exotic moods of les baxter?
www.freebase.com/m/015fr	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/09rxbld	what is a town in brazil
www.freebase.com/m/03y1d_g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	what asteroid group  is the asteroid 4706 dennisreuter is a member of 
www.freebase.com/m/0b8h6z	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	Which position in football does paolo acerbis play
www.freebase.com/m/034c2z8	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which region was beautiful lumps of coal sold in
www.freebase.com/m/0vy64xp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0491y	Where was jacek królik birthed?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv2xw	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	what is the legal status of kadian er 
www.freebase.com/m/0w__f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	Where is maplewood located?
www.freebase.com/m/09d5h	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/05p1j8q	what is a film produced by cbs
www.freebase.com/m/0l38lpp	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mp2hp	what is a recorded version of masterpiece
www.freebase.com/m/0kt27wn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was emily cutter born
www.freebase.com/m/0262nwr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	what country is gaetano giallanza a natural citizen of
www.freebase.com/m/04v99vt	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01q415	who was the editor of lonesome dove 
www.freebase.com/m/04w8j9c	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/017jq	What is the subject of the book titled conflicts in the countryside
www.freebase.com/m/0rzfpg4	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	what is the release type of bodies
www.freebase.com/m/086cpv	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what is the color of st patrick's college, strathfield
www.freebase.com/m/04w3bjq	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	What is the genre of the book titled gift of fire
www.freebase.com/m/03y803z	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does 2905 plaskett orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/08k_58	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02rw0hc	what is tristeza's album that starts with an s
www.freebase.com/m/073tw7	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was into the sun filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09gdywd	what album contains indie rock
www.freebase.com/m/0x3xs	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0ncp6	columbus is located in what hud county place?
www.freebase.com/m/0j7kbxd	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	WHat position does sho iwasaki play
www.freebase.com/m/052kp2j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0cr48b	Who directed the tv episode say goodnight, gracie?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_k_08	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what medium was the release angel milk in
www.freebase.com/m/06s7rd	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/041166y	What is a composition composed by ne-yo?
www.freebase.com/m/0kspzy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	where was gilles-marie oppenordt born
www.freebase.com/m/0d6q1w	www.freebase.com/geography/island/body_of_water	www.freebase.com/m/0fwk0	What is the body of water where kharimkotan is located
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0522j_	what neighborhood is located in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/03v7qx	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/09gb34n	What book is foaly in
www.freebase.com/m/034r0kz	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/035hm	which region was subculture originally published
www.freebase.com/m/02df7p	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the opening of misty beethoven in?
www.freebase.com/m/04lgdss	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03h64	what did the 1996 pat sin leng wildfire happen
www.freebase.com/m/01gy5jl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is a brief history of ambient, volume 1 
www.freebase.com/m/03dpf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01dqt53	what songs are by gilbert and sullivan?
www.freebase.com/m/04fds20	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	where was rnb superclub, volume 8 released in?
www.freebase.com/m/03d79g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/033hn8	what album was created by taro hakase
www.freebase.com/m/04xdxcl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what types of book is diana
www.freebase.com/m/01sp81	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/064lzd	which film did richard e. grant direct
www.freebase.com/m/01r33v1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023pdf	what is the artist who is on the tigger movie songs & story album?
www.freebase.com/m/04h3p	www.freebase.com/media_common/adapted_work/adaptations	www.freebase.com/m/06c753	which film was an adaptation of the book lolita?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqw2br	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of the drug brompheniramine/pseudoephedrine/dextromethorphan?
www.freebase.com/m/04d27_9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02xcw3	Where did michael flanders die?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05n00f2	Name a family film.
www.freebase.com/m/051vgh3	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	what are the offical school colors of rudder middle school
www.freebase.com/m/01s77s	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	What industry does bank of china operate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c8nn5	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/07r1h	who produced without limits
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt8d_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/01jjpv	What's an ingredient in the drug heparin lock flush
www.freebase.com/m/03d4krs	www.freebase.com/boats/ship/designer	www.freebase.com/m/064lxh0	who designed the sea witch
www.freebase.com/m/0286tbv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/03b_bc	where did kaarlo tuominen pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0dygjcs	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is the acoustic collection, volume one?
www.freebase.com/m/08j580	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	michael dempsey's music falls under what type of genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02jbz2	www.freebase.com/location/country/capital	www.freebase.com/m/0947l	What is the capital of western roman empire?
www.freebase.com/m/069vzz	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0g1rw	which production company created the film perfect strangers?
www.freebase.com/m/09k_l6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0qq38	What is the birth place of dan namingha?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxff2z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nationality is linda shayne
www.freebase.com/m/05x2t7	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/04_074f	What film was orry-kelly the costume designer for?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4w713	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/027v_n	who is a parent of bonnie duvauchelle
www.freebase.com/m/05zn6hj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	Which country is bernard amadei from
www.freebase.com/m/054_y_	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/05hyf	what field is martin franz julius luther active in 
www.freebase.com/m/06_ttwc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/073q1	what is the netflix genre where the film merantau is under
www.freebase.com/m/0cnyjv7	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05h7tk	who directed little annie rooney?
www.freebase.com/m/07l5tx8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/090t4l	Who was the director of father knows breast?
www.freebase.com/m/043pkx9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is george butler male or female?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0n1fr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/049p2rx	What release is cruisin on?
www.freebase.com/m/01sbsm	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is aquaman
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gkrdl9	what film is a type of action film?
www.freebase.com/m/0cc1v	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0499m1w	what is in prince georges county
www.freebase.com/m/04gv7z	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/026t6	what music instrument is played by gene hoglan
www.freebase.com/m/0j154qx	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05r4w	What is the nationality of cristina carvalhal
www.freebase.com/m/02ws65	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0mh5	who is the author of the moon of gomrath?
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04ktrz	What american radio host was born in los angeles?
www.freebase.com/m/0crtnwk	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0ctw_b	What country is the film two laws from?
www.freebase.com/m/01jcrjt	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	What kind of music is featured on robyn
www.freebase.com/m/03lbwt	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/06mvq	what is the ethnicity of björn von sydow
www.freebase.com/m/060__y	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02bd2b	What's an example of a novel film adaptation
www.freebase.com/m/07m6p_j	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/07m6p_6	what is the episode before vancouver?
www.freebase.com/m/01jpn4	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/016drc	what company owns grocery store
www.freebase.com/m/049_mtn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0njkx	Where is cedar haven located
www.freebase.com/m/01n8xw	www.freebase.com/event/disaster_type/disasters_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/047dwbl	what is a type of disaster from a improvised explosive device?
www.freebase.com/m/0ff2k	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/06kz09	What is the name of a book written by author roald dahl?
www.freebase.com/m/0273v88	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02h400t	Which industry does barclays private equity operate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_v_kd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07s3vqk	who recorded fever
www.freebase.com/m/027s_wg	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03wcp9h	what is ray stata's child's name
www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b99js	What's a neighborhood found in new jersey
www.freebase.com/m/04_1mz4	www.freebase.com/computer/computer/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/05fxn	who manufactured next computer
www.freebase.com/m/0bnqsg	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what is the job title of drew hutton
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/04069j0	which indie rock artists are from sydney, australia?
www.freebase.com/m/02_y654	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	is kurt vonnegut a biography or auto-biography 
www.freebase.com/m/024p0gm	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l5361x	What is a track on the recording good night?
www.freebase.com/m/01j45l4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is best of gipsy kings a studio or compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/04bgrh	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0h358rc	who is the child of bryan brown
www.freebase.com/m/0301mdk	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0kkn0jl	what is the track list of the release shit for brains
www.freebase.com/m/0hh2myy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f1hqz	where was ravi sharma born?
www.freebase.com/m/01wjqzh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	where in europe was manuel agujetas born
www.freebase.com/m/0fybwr	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is Christopher Green?
www.freebase.com/m/04570	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/0l1dm	which scientist was joule named after
www.freebase.com/m/0403tmp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is in ever ever after
www.freebase.com/m/0cs5mkw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what type of film is the war zone: d-day to paris
www.freebase.com/m/0ck91	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language does jane seymour speak?
www.freebase.com/m/048h6s	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0c4kv	where is hadlock field located 
www.freebase.com/m/0gw5qqq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02_sr1	What film is in the genre chinese movies?
www.freebase.com/m/05kkqm	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01tv5c	what is the architectural style of esplanade - theatres on the bay, singapore
www.freebase.com/m/0h2x4dq	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/013yq	which city in Georgia was the movie hillbilly highway filmed  
www.freebase.com/m/04gwcg8	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is evenor written in
www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0jltp	name an artist that produces psychedelic rock
www.freebase.com/m/0bgcg0	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vc1m2	what is a book published by carroll & graf
www.freebase.com/m/04t42ny	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	what is the subject of black folktales
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/07604z6	what school is considered a public school?
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/05ry2x	what is a public university located in finland
www.freebase.com/m/07x16	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/01jmw4	what treats a urinary tract infection
www.freebase.com/m/0zlrzx4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0512nz	What artist composed the piece it isn’t nice
www.freebase.com/m/01hb24	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0ft0s	Where was terry lloyd when he died
www.freebase.com/m/0dvj3nr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06h2w	Which artist recorded telephone?
www.freebase.com/m/0jjddcv	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6x	which position does brian tyms play 
www.freebase.com/m/089521	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what does h. dieter zeh do for a living 
www.freebase.com/m/0zxx54	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033x9q8	what is a release from the recording o holy night?
www.freebase.com/m/0886hv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is joshua clayton from
www.freebase.com/m/0c7grbn	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/0cgnw	who is the developer of space raiders?
www.freebase.com/m/0d7wfg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/04lgjjd	Which album is a folk jazz album?
www.freebase.com/m/0gjcdtm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	What is michelle rempel's nationality? 
www.freebase.com/m/022h47	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02wxglz	what school is located in makassar
www.freebase.com/m/0fcrg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hzp__9	Where is north brabant's location?
www.freebase.com/m/0dyf8sh	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was at queen's theatre released as
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0gc3nxk	what is the name of a famous  actor
www.freebase.com/m/040_fs	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02wydx	what genre is the artist stephen cummings
www.freebase.com/m/014243	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09xw2	what type of music does gussie mueller play?
www.freebase.com/m/062h27	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what types of movie is the miracle maker
www.freebase.com/m/0llmy_h	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0382ht3	what is a release with a track named connecticut
www.freebase.com/m/03qn8mg	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0cbxl0	Who did costume design for the film chatur singh two star
www.freebase.com/m/0h94ccn	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	What is the genre of the program the dewarists
www.freebase.com/m/04j1mzz	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0pysh	Who wrote the cry of the owl
www.freebase.com/m/03hpfyz	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0ftdd	What manufacturer made the kodak z712 is zoom digital camera?
www.freebase.com/m/0c02prf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what genre is the album glee: the music, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/07pml4	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/country	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what country is east perth in
www.freebase.com/m/02wbt4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	what is bruce mcdonald (film director)'s nationality
www.freebase.com/m/04lh7d2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fh36	what types of music is blues dream
www.freebase.com/m/01lzsn5	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0szy37	what tracks were produced by phil manzanera?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b6dfyf	what russian film is a romance film 
www.freebase.com/m/01m1y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crzj4k	List a film in the celtic music category on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/0g9b2_	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vddl_	what is a book published by canongate books
www.freebase.com/m/03hj9	www.freebase.com/user/tsturge/language/alphabet/letter	www.freebase.com/m/05vhyw	what is a letter in the hebrew alphabet
www.freebase.com/m/0806p	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05cvs	who was influenced by Vilfredo Pareto?
www.freebase.com/m/0ycjpzf	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0144__k	which recording contains the release track hollywood?
www.freebase.com/m/026099	www.freebase.com/education/field_of_study/journals_in_this_discipline	www.freebase.com/m/04g2bj0	What's a journal that deals with evolutionary biology
www.freebase.com/m/02qbp2y	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/01wjf0	woodbridge is a neighborhood of what area?
www.freebase.com/m/01mm27	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/029kb1h	where can you find oxford
www.freebase.com/m/01h_0f_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was swedish schnapps released
www.freebase.com/m/09dmw7	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0cnyx3m	Which film did raveendran contribute music to
www.freebase.com/m/06d45c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mbf4	where in canada is cameron heights collegiate institute located?
www.freebase.com/m/0djz1bh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what film genre is when its over
www.freebase.com/m/0fj2w88	www.freebase.com/theater/musical_soundtrack/play	www.freebase.com/m/03nnxr1	What is the soundtrack passing strange (2008 original broadway cast) from?
www.freebase.com/m/028x8z	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is hanns ludin a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/0hgmfmv	the sun is orbited by what main-belt minor planet
www.freebase.com/m/0ccdj	www.freebase.com/music/composition/recordings	www.freebase.com/m/015046r	which album contains imagine (song)
www.freebase.com/m/0crj6pn	www.freebase.com/sports/school_sports_team/school	www.freebase.com/m/01j_5k	the villanova wildcats football are from what school
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hm1xt	what is a comedy indie film released in 1922
www.freebase.com/m/01531	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qhr17	who was born in the bronx?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0gxzg8f	which rock music albums were released by A&M records in 2011?
www.freebase.com/m/0kyp82h	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What type of computer game is last chaos
www.freebase.com/m/0s95z69	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	Which country was john kirby from
www.freebase.com/m/0j257t5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01q58t	where was john-patrick smith born?
www.freebase.com/m/065_f8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	WHich nation filmed what ever happened to baby jane?
www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0lqgw3k	Name a person born in los angeles.
www.freebase.com/m/02s4l6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq230b	what netflix genre does velvet goldmine fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/02tjm_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01l4grq	What is the name of a death cab for cutie album?
www.freebase.com/m/03fggj5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lxgcv6	what is a song on shimon presents ram raiders: the mix 
www.freebase.com/m/0nsmcq5	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country was animal + cannibal released in
www.freebase.com/m/0h7phb1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	What type of music is played on en primera fila
www.freebase.com/m/02m3pf	www.freebase.com/medicine/condition_prevention_factors/conditions_this_may_prevent	www.freebase.com/m/02rpg4	what condition may prevent basiliximab
www.freebase.com/m/0vbwc8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0f205y6	what is a release track by david
www.freebase.com/m/0g293	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crrx5g	which song is latin american music in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/018vs	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/0qd4btv	which japanese band features bass guitar 
www.freebase.com/m/0fzxm	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0fpjpjr	who is zbigniew brzezinski's child?
www.freebase.com/m/09ld6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/09bnf	Which language does nagesh (actor) speak
www.freebase.com/m/0s91pv3	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01s560	what is the subject of whos an expert?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfnlz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jfnvd	who is the artist of the album  glenn frey live
www.freebase.com/m/04lh5pd	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Which nation is gene gerrard from?
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g9ywd_	what film is a thriller (genre) movie?
www.freebase.com/m/04mt8t	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsvxj	what drug is made with the ingredient valaciclovir
www.freebase.com/m/07p0x0	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0dp90	What city is close to questacon
www.freebase.com/m/08q1tg	www.freebase.com/base/disaster2/type_of_injury_causing_event/caused_by_activity	www.freebase.com/m/0kw6d	what causes a car accident
www.freebase.com/m/01r6n5q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was e che mai sarà - le mie più belle canzoni released in
www.freebase.com/m/0glscd7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02v2lh	what sorts of music is played by aomusic
www.freebase.com/m/02rmvz3	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what genre is the artist alicecohen from?
www.freebase.com/m/02z38q5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06btq	where is university hall located
www.freebase.com/m/02qrhjy	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/shoots	www.freebase.com/m/01r7cb	what is duke mccurry's dominant hand 
www.freebase.com/m/02rxvm0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was state legislature filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/03mcpr9	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	what category is 9922 catcheller in
www.freebase.com/m/04bjl1	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/016g0_	What is the subject of the film ilsa, she wolf of the ss
www.freebase.com/m/0f8hlgx	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hhcx_	which album contains untouchables
www.freebase.com/m/04w8mcf	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/04kr0	who authored chita?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049_hck	what's a city in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/04xnlb6	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/011_db	Who was the author editor of more books on the table?
www.freebase.com/m/0361355	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lc4zq_	what track list is now here on
www.freebase.com/m/0jxt9rm	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is complete 800/10/165 chewable tablet available in
www.freebase.com/m/0dpznr	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of annrabson?
www.freebase.com/m/05d2b6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/070ny	who is the developer of seiken densetsu 3?
www.freebase.com/m/0gct_	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/0bp7w	what style of art is henri matisse known for 
www.freebase.com/m/0dc64f	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0flw86	what religion is rashid bin el hassan
www.freebase.com/m/03mjfq	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/03mjpj	Who developed the story for the asphalt jungle
www.freebase.com/m/026h_pn	www.freebase.com/base/fashionmodels/fashion_model/eye_color	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	what color are eliza jakubek's eyes
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w4z9c	what is a book in the fiction genre?
www.freebase.com/m/01w46st	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01_bkd	what type of music does lauri ylönen play
www.freebase.com/m/0g7k2g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05lls	What genre of music is created by lorenzo ferrero
www.freebase.com/m/07nks4	www.freebase.com/architecture/architecture_firm/projects	www.freebase.com/m/0p77g	what project did mott, hay and anderson complete
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/06df3x	what's an example of a bollywood film on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/015lcb	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/065c40	What language is in the language family polynesian languages?
www.freebase.com/m/04k94	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0jxmq44	Name a liquid drug
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/0fdmkh	which single-player was released for the nintendo ds?
www.freebase.com/m/03hfzsr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0gw5m91	what type of movie is 100 women
www.freebase.com/m/025sc21	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/0k4j02	based on what story is the the blob film
www.freebase.com/m/0wzplb6	www.freebase.com/music/recording/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/07ss8_	Name the artist who recorded beat it.
www.freebase.com/m/05dyyk	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01515d	what power does modok have 
www.freebase.com/m/0t11_	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is patterson located in
www.freebase.com/m/0n2904	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0s_y3w	What's the radio version of stay
www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03g6s8m	Name a experimental music album
www.freebase.com/m/05ztgyf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	In what country was the aryan couple filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/08cpg1	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/technique	www.freebase.com/m/0326kv	what technique is required for sajid mahmood
www.freebase.com/m/0k2yk_9	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/02638nn	What company did robyn goodman create
www.freebase.com/m/05mtpn	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/05fd11	who is the architect of high commission of south africa, london?
www.freebase.com/m/018d6l	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	what instrument does jack bruce play
www.freebase.com/m/0zhyxjq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/018y2s	Who composed blue water
www.freebase.com/m/04d_mvd	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/03dn2	who created the story for the film  you cant take it with you
www.freebase.com/m/02r5jv4	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	which language is spoken in redacted (film)
www.freebase.com/m/02pd3n	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/0415336	What was a significant battle in the paraguayan war
www.freebase.com/m/062l1y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0sn4f	Where was dory funk, jr. born?
www.freebase.com/m/0dpfwvz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v4f61	what artist recorded tragic overture for orchestra in d minor, op. 81
www.freebase.com/m/0530r5	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/048z7l	what is cynthia ozick's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/04gnylx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is benjamin ross know for being?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_nmvs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Which country is kanae hasebe from
www.freebase.com/m/04cps2	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/09ff3	what associated movement is gino severini part of
www.freebase.com/m/0cql9h	www.freebase.com/base/activism/activist/area_of_activism	www.freebase.com/m/0hkst	what was david webb an activist for
www.freebase.com/m/045xh	www.freebase.com/award/award_category/disciplines_or_subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	which literary genre is james tiptree, jr. award awarded for
www.freebase.com/m/0mwj5	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/07nrg	who was mifflin county, pennsylvania named after 
www.freebase.com/m/0dp539k	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ttx_8	Which artist recorded cherry?
www.freebase.com/m/0j4jcr6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	What does (10020) 1979 oq5 orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/05n5n1	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0139nv	who is our time in eden by
www.freebase.com/m/04j0j5v	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	What is the netflix genre of hidden heroes?
www.freebase.com/m/0_kcdtx	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What format is cold in
www.freebase.com/m/0410vg2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/081yw	Where is kettle falls?
www.freebase.com/m/074r6w	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what netflix genre is the film fast company
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01md07c	what is an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/0zhdf0v	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/05hc81	Waht is the name of the Amercian author of the song fanette (la fanette)? 
www.freebase.com/m/0n72nhr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033gv1j	which release is the track scientist on
www.freebase.com/m/0nm9y	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0tp86	which location is found in aroostook county, maine
www.freebase.com/m/02x3f_y	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was self medicated filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/0lbd9	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_games/events	www.freebase.com/m/07mvl3m	What is one of the events from the 1960 summer olympics
www.freebase.com/m/05_735	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country is the legend of bhagat singh from
www.freebase.com/m/021j72	www.freebase.com/people/person/languages	www.freebase.com/m/0688f	What language does raj kapoor speak
www.freebase.com/m/0nm2k9m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ntpq4c	What's the title track from aquamarine
www.freebase.com/m/04ydf5l	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	which genre does straw men fall under
www.freebase.com/m/0n2hpsw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dnxyh0	what recording is cloud 9 found?
www.freebase.com/m/01kgnbr	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was bright red released
www.freebase.com/m/06dwkn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	Which genre of film was blood and black lace
www.freebase.com/m/012hw	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bm73	Whose cause of death was assassination?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3wj1	www.freebase.com/architecture/lighthouse/construction	www.freebase.com/m/06qqb	What was used in the construction of los angeles harbor light
www.freebase.com/m/01zxzv8	www.freebase.com/base/biblioness/bibs_location/state	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	What state is altamonte springs, florida in?
www.freebase.com/m/027v44v	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What is the album content type of "Adventures in the Midst"?
www.freebase.com/m/06_rf9	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0c2m4	What is the name of a character in harry potter and the half-blood prince
www.freebase.com/m/027cqkd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/02bwc7	who is the creator of are you smarter than a 5th grader?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04gt48d	which movie is documentary film in netflix
www.freebase.com/m/04whcms	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	what was written in a cold dark place
www.freebase.com/m/0z4xp6l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/019rg5	which film created the barefoot artist 
www.freebase.com/m/0169t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/07gyyn	Name a city located in the country Burundi
www.freebase.com/m/0mccg1x	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dxpkp2	what was released in 1984
www.freebase.com/m/08glx5	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/08xpv_	which city is lawrenceville a neighborhood of?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc1sts	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is rick stear from 
www.freebase.com/m/026kds	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hlp5w	What's a game that konami published for the wii
www.freebase.com/m/0jvdyfm	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/05h1w5j	which film did antonio tentori help provide the story credits?
www.freebase.com/m/017_qw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/02p_s1f	what is the name of an artist whose musical genre is film score
www.freebase.com/m/066dc1	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03blcnq	What musical album did rob cavallo produce?
www.freebase.com/m/03343tr	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What format was fright night released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04ctdxl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0xwj	Who published the game blues clues kindergarten
www.freebase.com/m/0h4tyfp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what types of album is at the top
www.freebase.com/m/0t_6q1_	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02lk95	who sang last dollar (fly away)?
www.freebase.com/m/04wghcr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0d3k14	what topic is the jfk assassination?
www.freebase.com/m/065zj92	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gqkd	in which city was michiaki kakimoto born
www.freebase.com/m/03lsd5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/056c0k	what label is mickey finn (musician) signed to
www.freebase.com/m/07l8vy5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/07cg1ld	What series has the episode queen latifah
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/03y4rf2	What is the name of a planetary system of solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0gltv	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/0gh6tp9	what company produced the patriot?
www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/027ks1y	which games is action game
www.freebase.com/m/03h3xk	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/024t0y	who founded the organization 2929 entertainment
www.freebase.com/m/0hqdd	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0505b0	who was the executive producer of the film clue 
www.freebase.com/m/0mxqs6t	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g263hy	what release is on gladiator
www.freebase.com/m/0b7688j	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What genre is toy soldiers?
www.freebase.com/m/0804y07	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ky2h	what artist performed tour de force
www.freebase.com/m/0kj2s59	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/01jjnck	which release contains the track speak?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crtnmm	what is the name of a romance film
www.freebase.com/m/08jjxt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre is dawaynebailey 
www.freebase.com/m/0g5w8m	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0l5mz	what is the subject of the written work nicholas and alexandra
www.freebase.com/m/08rxvg	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what time zone is used in compiano
www.freebase.com/m/01wl64	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	Which country is the city of mizuho located
www.freebase.com/m/0hqmgs8	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What is the color of the losartan potassium 50 film coated tablet?
www.freebase.com/m/0q207b6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	what language is kavinsky in?
www.freebase.com/m/0b5yj5	www.freebase.com/architecture/architecture_firm/projects	www.freebase.com/m/02p98v	what project did pei cobb freed & partners work on 
www.freebase.com/m/0j_nw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what kind of movie is spaceballs
www.freebase.com/m/014cw2	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0zm6_7l	what song was written by billy bragg
www.freebase.com/m/0p5dzsd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0947l	from what city is filippo pandev from
www.freebase.com/m/01dddl	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zjxg9s	Name a composition by vince clarke.
www.freebase.com/m/01s75k5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmzz8w	What is a track done by the artist paris
www.freebase.com/m/0f8j9wz	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What is the release type of the album the complete piano concertos
www.freebase.com/m/02tjsj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	which genre does ethan frome affiliate with
www.freebase.com/m/0w1t_3f	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is linda västrik
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crvkkg	What is one of the documentary film titles found on netflix? 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crvhvr	Name a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0mgrh	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0h30_x	what's the name of a community in manche
www.freebase.com/m/0z_691g	www.freebase.com/user/micahsaul/advertising/ad_campaign/advertised_thing	www.freebase.com/m/01bt68	what is the ad campaign of coca-cola vis
www.freebase.com/m/024wh1r	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/08xkj9	which artist recorded karma
www.freebase.com/m/076zm1	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/076p6x	triplicane can be found in which district in india?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt411	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025rs2z	whats an active ingredient in heart small intestine
www.freebase.com/m/01vwcx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01vw77	what types of movie is played by the cinematic orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/03lty	www.freebase.com/broadcast/genre/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gf_9y	what content does the genre heavy metal have
www.freebase.com/m/0dggtk5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0cxgc	which city did ellis jeffreys die
www.freebase.com/m/04hn_w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	what kind of music did takako minekawa make 
www.freebase.com/m/02dzcv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07yklv	what genre of music does jet (band) play
www.freebase.com/m/0hbgh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04gvhy0	Which Dutch baseball player was born in curaçao?
www.freebase.com/m/047fnhl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What kind of show is barrier reef
www.freebase.com/m/0b6j0t5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0131ly	where was liam kelly born
www.freebase.com/m/0tl488k	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05bnp0	who directed my own private river?
www.freebase.com/m/0d9y6	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0j_98q7	Name a university in lexington
www.freebase.com/m/0c9wg_9	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	In what american city was the book  evolution published
www.freebase.com/m/017swkb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0ltkvkr	which track is part of independence
www.freebase.com/m/0np7v_1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	how was face to the floor released 
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/0j5gy9z	What's an example of a asteroid
www.freebase.com/m/05f9wyr	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	where did sima milutinović sarajlija die?
www.freebase.com/m/02qgd76	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4lw	What kind of film is waiting for happiness
www.freebase.com/m/02r42ly	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0hzc9md	What country is Mount Grant in South Georgia located?
www.freebase.com/m/06bny2	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What is the genre of the short story i remember babylon?
www.freebase.com/m/0yx6_7p	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	Is elitza katzarska male or female
www.freebase.com/m/05qh0km	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/01803s	what is the subject of wind from the abyss
www.freebase.com/m/027_8pq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is jeff russo from
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/01d3mw	what is a capital state in india
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsn4l	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	What is the legal status of isopropyl alcohol 0.966 liquid?
www.freebase.com/m/0n239	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/033v43	who has been born in the lorain county 
www.freebase.com/m/01bsffn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mcrvv	What musician recorded wonder woman
www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0272hx9	What is a name of a suspense book released in 2008?
www.freebase.com/m/07srw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06jj1d	what's a tourist attraction in utah
www.freebase.com/m/09gd_k2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01tsq8	Where was simone dallamano born?
www.freebase.com/m/05x6c	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vc388	Which book edition did piers anthony publish?
www.freebase.com/m/01qszl	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0g7hq2	what game is developed by bandai?
www.freebase.com/m/05zlbyv	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is the profession of john fox?
www.freebase.com/m/05khzw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	what label is bob james signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0cs46h6	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what country was discovery atlas: brazil revealed shot in
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0bs44j	Name a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/025v410	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/01cdt5	Name a symptom of the disease ventricular tachycardia
www.freebase.com/m/0zglx_j	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_production/director	www.freebase.com/m/09blct	Who is the director of the theater production cascando
www.freebase.com/m/01g44kd	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is vienna master series?
www.freebase.com/m/03l3rs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/022qg1	Who is an author of the book angle of repose
www.freebase.com/m/027vm7t	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	what is jim shannon's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0grq583	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is señor droopy filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/08gcrs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of f. richard jones
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09ghhks	what film is a type of drama?
www.freebase.com/m/073k6b	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what form of art does beryl cook create?
www.freebase.com/m/017y0y	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0pyjm11	Who is a character from the sorrows of young werther
www.freebase.com/m/02rmt2n	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/057787	Which type of school is cathedral high school
www.freebase.com/m/01hh35h	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0125l2	what artist is on bbc live?
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09rvqkj	Name a country album
www.freebase.com/m/02z5jzl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was malcolm x: a life of reinvention written in
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0bsrlp	Who is a person of african american ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/0cyg9y	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0g095	where did the battle of hudsons bay take place
www.freebase.com/m/060pqt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is wilhelm dörpfeld from
www.freebase.com/m/0dw1w6v	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0cm2dh	What artist recorded joshua?
www.freebase.com/m/0frh2qz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016kjs	who recorded the album right above it
www.freebase.com/m/0361vpq	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0y92w3	what is the name of a track from feed your ears, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/0393g	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/05ql5t	what is a tourist attraction in guangzhou
www.freebase.com/m/055b2q	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/09rs7mx	what are chicago public schools 
www.freebase.com/m/02qmvz5	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	What was vauro senesi's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/08skpr	www.freebase.com/location/location/nearby_airports	www.freebase.com/m/028b3s9	What's an airport near jinjiang, fujian
www.freebase.com/m/02sqkh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what kind of television show is law & order: criminal intent?
www.freebase.com/m/0f_0htj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0drd80r	What is the main recording of half nelson called?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01j_fhl	what albums did Willie Nelson release?
www.freebase.com/m/09gd8m2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/077fbs	Which artist performed on the album night lights?
www.freebase.com/m/018mjqh	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/075wq	who was st. patrick's cathedral named after
www.freebase.com/m/026zyd9	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is louis r. rocco's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02qzkmc	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0klw	Who wrote breaking strain?
www.freebase.com/m/025rr2s	www.freebase.com/common/topic/image	www.freebase.com/m/02f4ns_	what image is of the topic prijepolje
www.freebase.com/m/01q3jw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04rf8h	in what german town was richard hauptmann born
www.freebase.com/m/0b55z6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what theme is in the piece regatta mystery
www.freebase.com/m/08tnj7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01m1y	what type of music is the eye of the eagle?
www.freebase.com/m/04myd03	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	what is john dale's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0dtw7qc	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0m2grpt	which tracks are found in the recording jewel?
www.freebase.com/m/08xk93	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpytg	What is kristen hall famous for being
www.freebase.com/m/04swx	www.freebase.com/geography/body_of_water/islands	www.freebase.com/m/028qbk	What is the second largest greek island located in the mediterranean sea
www.freebase.com/m/0dz3r	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0y47b9r	What is the name of a record producer?
www.freebase.com/m/056f1pg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	What kind of music does carmen espinoza-rodriquez play
www.freebase.com/m/04hm74	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what content does bbc radio scotland air?
www.freebase.com/m/07y_r	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/02qysfj	what films have vittorio de sica directed?
www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/01zc8j	What is an example of gothic revival architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/01w03jv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01rmc5j	What's an album by jello biafra
www.freebase.com/m/0q9ht3m	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What is the type of content of the album oeuvres pour clavecin?
www.freebase.com/m/01gqcyk	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw38	fauna flash: worx (the remixes) is what album content type
www.freebase.com/m/0frmb1	www.freebase.com/base/saturdaynightlive/snl_host/episodes_hosted	www.freebase.com/m/06xr3s2	which episode of SNL did john madden host
www.freebase.com/m/0ftlx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hcgm6n	What notable person was born in tehran?
www.freebase.com/m/02m0b	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/06mzp	which country was european free trade association associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0cvcnp	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/084w8	who is the author of pylon
www.freebase.com/m/0gbjh51	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fzckd9	which track contains vienna
www.freebase.com/m/04b64b_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0n3hl	Which county is bald creek located in
www.freebase.com/m/04t46m1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/04ztj	What topic is discussed in a friend at midnight
www.freebase.com/m/03gw921	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qb9xp	what is the cvg genre of guitar hero mobile series
www.freebase.com/m/0n65042	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	what genre is waking the green tiger
www.freebase.com/m/0dlvp57	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	is salto mortale in german or french
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0g5xpnv	Which album was also released as an album release type?
www.freebase.com/m/03ck52g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0qbj2k0	which album was done by the artist torche
www.freebase.com/m/0gd97t	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02jcrkd	what is alternative cancer treatments
www.freebase.com/m/06zlvbc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language was wrong turn 3: left for dead filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/03m3vpb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What is a gameplay mode that can be played in gran turismo 5
www.freebase.com/m/05d8qw	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/03kvhr	who is the child of lewis terman
www.freebase.com/m/0c1d_s4	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is mario cavalli?
www.freebase.com/m/042hcz	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04v4jjq	Which book edition by ted dekker was published?
www.freebase.com/m/0gc1508	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of hira ambrosino?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsjsj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02nsfz	What is the main active ingredient of zestoretic?
www.freebase.com/m/0hj8dy1	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was osthe
www.freebase.com/m/0vnmx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nj4c	in which county in Michigan is the village posen located
www.freebase.com/m/0frg840	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What kind of album is the farewell concerts
www.freebase.com/m/0gtgg8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/048n9y1	what is wolfgang loitzl known for
www.freebase.com/m/0_sdr56	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is susan mcelhinney from?
www.freebase.com/m/05f3p8x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was kemet high tech. part ii: history illusions?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh6vs	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country manufactured leader aller ease 180 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/03mgx2	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/02r7rth	what is the film written by william gibson (playwright)
www.freebase.com/m/04w8jym	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	What is the subject of the book max weber?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrw_m	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/061gyg	What is an active ingredient in ciclopirox 7.7 gel?
www.freebase.com/m/0dww__n	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the release format of the war of art
www.freebase.com/m/04t_93v	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/03f0324	who is the author of the famous book metamorphosis
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0fsnh0b	what album has compilation album as its content?
www.freebase.com/m/0509fw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/previous_in_series	www.freebase.com/m/026bd0	what is the book that was previously in the series of the garden of eden
www.freebase.com/m/037qpvg	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/01vyjsy	Who's the producer of sunnypsyop
www.freebase.com/m/0dqj19	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/03tzh9	What kind of architectural style is exhibited by the deconstructivism sructure
www.freebase.com/m/0q7p2mw	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0qcl6xk	which album is the song mona lisa on
www.freebase.com/m/05sp5n	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06zm8z	what kind of game is kingdom hearts ii?
www.freebase.com/m/012t4j	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zj_wb9	which compositions were created by arnold bax?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkw1ht	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is the form for the composition only tomorrow 
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t1gvq	What is a fiction book in the literary genre?
www.freebase.com/m/02w9drj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	What genre of music does the v make?
www.freebase.com/m/06m8f_z	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/071lbh	What genre would best describe manor houses of england
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p92kq	which albums were released by the century media label?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgpg0k	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07t21	Where is viktoriya yermolyeva from?
www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01n1tq	who is a visual artist known for painting
www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/0f88fv	Name a racing game
www.freebase.com/m/0xx9ykg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is miss my's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0kvdd3	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of genre is first man into space 
www.freebase.com/m/0c00m_l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is jessica caban from
www.freebase.com/m/02wbf7	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kpjnr	What is the temperament of a bedlington terrier
www.freebase.com/m/02z3d3j	www.freebase.com/basketball/basketball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01pv51	what basketball position does dale wilkinson belong to
www.freebase.com/m/02rv_dz	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/08_x592	who designed the film production of juno (film)
www.freebase.com/m/02w7gg	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/02fx3c	who is english people
www.freebase.com/m/09rr45	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k946	where did constantina decease
www.freebase.com/m/0cq22hc	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04043ls	what are titles of crime thrillers
www.freebase.com/m/0268jfj	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_f1	What's the lowest grade in paloma valley high school
www.freebase.com/m/082cb	www.freebase.com/film/film_subject/films	www.freebase.com/m/05v763r	what film is about war
www.freebase.com/m/05w4xk	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/04pk9	what belief does steve sviggum practice 
www.freebase.com/m/0z9jps_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	where in the united states did laurie a. schillinger died in?
www.freebase.com/m/0fpj96p	www.freebase.com/transportation/bridge/locale	www.freebase.com/m/0_fxt	What is the location of the stan musial bridge
www.freebase.com/m/09tgydn	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/03jz7mq	What is jay hyde barnum known for?
www.freebase.com/m/05r_nf	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station_owner/radio_stations	www.freebase.com/m/02q4qyr	whats the name of a radio station owned by  jim pattison group
www.freebase.com/m/027wbjh	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0479dv	Who is a founder of the paul frank industries
www.freebase.com/m/01bd019	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c9v6	who is the artist that recorded hms pinafore: im called little buttercup?
www.freebase.com/m/0mp136q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fr3_90	what is the release track on the game 
www.freebase.com/m/0r7q3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is tehama located
www.freebase.com/m/04w6z1p	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what subject is the shadow play written about
www.freebase.com/m/063k8xr	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	What language do the characters use in a beautiful death
www.freebase.com/m/01rmnp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/075znj	What is the label that maaya sakamoto is signed to?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3l57h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is liz larner's biological sex
www.freebase.com/m/07cxlb	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/034v_	what kinds of tv program is gardeners' world
www.freebase.com/m/07snn5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What was the cause of death of innokenty annensky
www.freebase.com/m/01jbmk	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qxvh	what genre of book is the black tulip
www.freebase.com/m/0lqgw65	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in which country was the goose girl filmed 
www.freebase.com/m/04l487d	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/038wt3	which dog breeds has the coat color black brindle?
www.freebase.com/m/0q2lv9w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	Where was chris lazzaro born
www.freebase.com/m/03crhq	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_parent	www.freebase.com/m/0166c7	Where is yancheng located
www.freebase.com/m/0m9pjf9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0dr7r4x	what release is from the track bad?
www.freebase.com/m/0cq23d7	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/07rjsy	what is a gay & lesbian romance found on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/078lk	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0gg6688	Which event took place in sardinia?
www.freebase.com/m/02knkj	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/09s02	what language do the actors speak in daana veera soora karna
www.freebase.com/m/01j7jnz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01vqyd	Where did matthew good band originate?
www.freebase.com/m/08f87q	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	which country is rheinfelden based in
www.freebase.com/m/04ych6t	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of karl friedrich becker?
www.freebase.com/m/018fc9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g0_l4	who is a well known person born in gelsenkirchen
www.freebase.com/m/08d_yk	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what is chepstow school's color?
www.freebase.com/m/01fj8s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j09jw	Name an album from helmet
www.freebase.com/m/0fpt0bq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fhmf	what city was heinrich schaller born in
www.freebase.com/m/0gly73	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what soccer position does ionuț rada play
www.freebase.com/m/02w8pjl	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/0qhh7pm	what release was produced by marco polo
www.freebase.com/m/0m0pzfc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03j6fs1	what release is the track  one fine day from
www.freebase.com/m/033q7cd	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where is fetenhits: alpen party located 
www.freebase.com/m/01tgbf	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what is pauline kael's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/03by5yg	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/0hjtg	what is a city near the valea rece river 
www.freebase.com/m/0zsw6_p	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is cathy barber from
www.freebase.com/m/0gdfhnp	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what is the film yeabu’s homecoming classified as
www.freebase.com/m/0fc759g	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j6swk	What album is oceanborn a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0dv4_ll	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/018yv8q	what is the release track on skyshaper
www.freebase.com/m/0ggqmb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is murriel page's gender 
www.freebase.com/m/01vcvwp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fmjzlr	what is a song by max b. grant
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0gs3hr	what is a mystery debut novel by American writer Marisha Pessl
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0_8z3yy	Name a indie rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/0190y4	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0frf6pf	who plays dub
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0w69j73	Name a family film.
www.freebase.com/m/0v4g4pg	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/01ssf87	Who is a featured artist on the album no new friends?
www.freebase.com/m/02v_hyz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/051m56	who was the artist that performed the songs on regular joe
www.freebase.com/m/0f2d289	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the format of the release the best of marv johnson - you got what it takes
www.freebase.com/m/04w6fs6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05h0n	What is the genre of the book greenpeace
www.freebase.com/m/03shpq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is the manchurian candidate?
www.freebase.com/m/03gccd	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ikkyu's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/05rv66	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where was vamp released first
www.freebase.com/m/01jp_nb	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/013wwd	What artist released classic early solos (1934-1937)
www.freebase.com/m/04n055l	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What was the original language of the film anniversary trouble
www.freebase.com/m/04hbc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/01sll5	what is the title of a book related to liberalism
www.freebase.com/m/02rgynz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/035bpp	where did friedrich august ukert die
www.freebase.com/m/01w40x6	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	what musical genre does duane denison create
www.freebase.com/m/05fzp7	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	which time zone is used in fort nelson
www.freebase.com/m/01rjm9_	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/031v8wv	What was the primary release of the album au
www.freebase.com/m/0bt_8zd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What type of film is "Atomic Artist"?
www.freebase.com/m/0lt7d9h	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is Álvaro dataide da gama
www.freebase.com/m/0g8g_v_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	how was the desert rose band released 
www.freebase.com/m/01w7nwm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181hw	what label does artist  common (rapper) record under
www.freebase.com/m/0n6pvpl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/033bttd	What album was sirius recorded?
www.freebase.com/m/0hz4q	www.freebase.com/food/type_of_dish/dishes	www.freebase.com/m/03sw1s	what's a good breakfast food
www.freebase.com/m/03c84pl	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06ppq	what type of film is  hearts up
www.freebase.com/m/028ykwy	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/018rv0	who is the author of ramona's world
www.freebase.com/m/07jw9	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/07y4y85	What is trypsin used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/05q8x6y	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/012k8y	who directed 1, 2, 3, sun
www.freebase.com/m/05n_y45	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/program_creator	www.freebase.com/m/05s76b	Who is the program director for the show Whispered Words?
www.freebase.com/m/0hnsk4l	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where did myra hampton die
www.freebase.com/m/010l0r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07_f2	what state is weston contained in 
www.freebase.com/m/0fd0mf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what genre is the power of the press
www.freebase.com/m/03cmnvy	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what kind of book is dark universe
www.freebase.com/m/0m0pmjp	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architect	www.freebase.com/m/077xqm	who is the architect for prentice women's hospital building
www.freebase.com/m/01d75g	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0xn7q	where did richie havens die
www.freebase.com/m/08bfzq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	what type of celestial object is 41 aurigae
www.freebase.com/m/03cg0sv	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	what ethnicity is alfred lawson, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/07k8rr	www.freebase.com/film/film_festival/individual_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0kfhgry	whats a year the montreal world film festival was held
www.freebase.com/m/02rmynb	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is elizabeth christensen's profession
www.freebase.com/m/048z6gt	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03s5t	Where is keeler located?
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0dw82q	 what tv program is fantasy
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ghvxkj	name a film that is considered to be a thriller (genre) 
www.freebase.com/m/01pjpxm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05rwpb	What kind of artist is david kitt?
www.freebase.com/m/0hf9x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where is the lost gardens of heligan
www.freebase.com/m/03hzqc2	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfs8p	what is the content of the artist alizée
www.freebase.com/m/0dzlk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/04q6wlm	What compilation album did olivia newton-john release in 1998?
www.freebase.com/m/07lgq6	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what kind of book is the trigger
www.freebase.com/m/05q4xv6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of philip braham
www.freebase.com/m/0f4q8f7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04n6n7r	which artist recorded energy
www.freebase.com/m/0zlnh09	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is the language of the composition shot shot?
www.freebase.com/m/054ksg	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what position does yutaka akita play in football
www.freebase.com/m/0zh5pfs	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	The composition never known is performed in which popular language?
www.freebase.com/m/03ml87x	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05nj3v	What kind of topic does the auction wally show cover
www.freebase.com/m/07_pkw	www.freebase.com/geography/geographical_feature/category	www.freebase.com/m/06cnp	what is the geographical feature of mayu
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0gxjm8	what player plays goalkeeper?
www.freebase.com/m/01c6yz	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cpnkpj	who is the person born in lower normandy
www.freebase.com/m/03py3s	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/012c8s	which city contains university of science and technology of china?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/award/award_discipline/awards_in_this_discipline	www.freebase.com/m/04my12c	What is a more specific award in the fiction category
www.freebase.com/m/052s5w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is emma donoghue's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0hhf2mn	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is william bigelow?
www.freebase.com/m/05nl4f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/02t6_	Who is the label associated with the artist robert schneider
www.freebase.com/m/0d2nmx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	where was vicky beeching born
www.freebase.com/m/089_x	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wj2nv	whats a book about 20th century
www.freebase.com/m/0_6n116	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was once in a while composed in
www.freebase.com/m/0r5py05	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where did ethel scull die
www.freebase.com/m/0bbvvvm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	Where is gregorio lópez-bravo y castro from
www.freebase.com/m/03j0539	www.freebase.com/music/producer/tracks_produced	www.freebase.com/m/015b6mn	what songs have josè alvarez-brill produced in his career?
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hz65_	which rock music album was released on rca victor?
www.freebase.com/m/03yk8mc	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what kind of game is power rangers time force
www.freebase.com/m/0cj9plv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jk9n	what types of movie is wedding
www.freebase.com/m/02qbkc2	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/sex	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is scat daddy?
www.freebase.com/m/02x52f	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/03ys_k	Name a person who died from a stabbing. 
www.freebase.com/m/0286_6k	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does saffet sancaklı play at in soccer?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kh3zk	What is an example of a soundtrack?
www.freebase.com/m/01wb76	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0xr0t	Where was steve forbes's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhv6r	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/083jv	What color is the drug ambien 10 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/0g4y1w	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/052r20	who wrote the bride with white hair
www.freebase.com/m/0840vq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	What type of music is made by david guetta
www.freebase.com/m/07k6bz9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0vzm	where in texas did the rocketboys come from?
www.freebase.com/m/015y7r	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/028298n	who is joseph b. soloveitchik son
www.freebase.com/m/0sghx23	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre of music does fatin shidqia create
www.freebase.com/m/07scj3p	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09n5t_	what kind of music does polly and the billets doux make?
www.freebase.com/m/02bzk6	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of program is dark season
www.freebase.com/m/016376	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/024ccvj	What is an album by the isley brothers?
www.freebase.com/m/0lvr_w3	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/036plwn	Which album is star from
www.freebase.com/m/02rgt0s	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lmfdc	who was the artist that recorded the album rumor has it
www.freebase.com/m/0cjd03n	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04swd	Where is the place of death of Aleksei Konsovsky?
www.freebase.com/m/028br41	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cqb	what type of artist is stan stammers
www.freebase.com/m/027jdkv	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What type of book is the saint novel?
www.freebase.com/m/01y73g	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03qbk7	what organization has léon blum made?
www.freebase.com/m/0c3db9q	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0177z	Where did ivan govar die
www.freebase.com/m/0j92r26	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02qpbqj	which football position is james bryant charged of
www.freebase.com/m/03gbs5v	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mwgwl	which artist is on netwavz radio
www.freebase.com/m/01jqg0s	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/041f_r	where did the chore come from
www.freebase.com/m/0805dtv	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0py8j	What war was the siege of astorga a part of
www.freebase.com/m/05cfr3n	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02sfvv	Which artist created at the linen closet?
www.freebase.com/m/01c7bf	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fv7szg	Name a popular track from the artist ash
www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_gender/characters_of_this_gender	www.freebase.com/m/05b3dt	Who is a fictional female character?
www.freebase.com/m/0crrvc9	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country was pj harvey on tour: please leave quietly shot in
www.freebase.com/m/03blp8x	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was the the heavy album released
www.freebase.com/m/03zydz6	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0f141nw	What is a track off now dance 2001, part 2?
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0sjmf	What is the name of a place located in illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0247b8j	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/04d9yz	who was the producer of come home with me
www.freebase.com/m/0706t_	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	what type of show is sister, sister?
www.freebase.com/m/02r2th7	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what kind of martial art does mark medal practice
www.freebase.com/m/03fz6_2	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	What kind of album is the man who loved cat dancing?
www.freebase.com/m/0f46pgx	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	What is the format of fingers & thumbs
www.freebase.com/m/0crs0fz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01drsx	which genre is nuclear hurricane
www.freebase.com/m/0fhzf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03whkxy	what is the name of a person that was born in belgrade
www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0cp00zn	What's an experimental music album
www.freebase.com/m/0chrx	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03ct1kv	Who's a baseball player born in omaha, nebraska
www.freebase.com/m/02900n	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/06p8m	WHo published sonic advance
www.freebase.com/m/0dv67	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtm8r	what is acetylcholine the active moiety in
www.freebase.com/m/0gbmcv1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0qb1z	which city was sebastian ströbel born
www.freebase.com/m/04cdqr	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does cecil chesterton practice
www.freebase.com/m/0zj8c0g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01_pg	What artist made the album essential?
www.freebase.com/m/02q_phm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	what type of music does micah smaldone play?
www.freebase.com/m/02hl1gh	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0kyxq_8	what game is developed by idea factory?
www.freebase.com/m/0sl9brg	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02qwg	Who recorded the song corinne, corrinna
www.freebase.com/m/05b385c	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What was sepideh jodeyri's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0275242	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/art_forms	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what form of art does joão silva make?
www.freebase.com/m/04w5t64	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/062z7	what is the constitutional odyssey book about
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crspf1	Name a documentary film on netflix.
www.freebase.com/m/09m6tw	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ray vukcevich's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0g98xzj	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the wisdom of w.e.b. du bois in?
www.freebase.com/m/0_r5fgj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	What type of music does aishwarya uniyal play?
www.freebase.com/m/0c1tbv1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0870p	who was the author of poems
www.freebase.com/m/0bs7ynw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/011k1h	What label is freddy wexler signed to?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9qy1	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/01m59	what is the ideology of the communist party of azerbaijan?
www.freebase.com/m/0tqlf	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02hcv8	Which time zone is washington located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0brqx2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country does franz alexander  claim nationality from?
www.freebase.com/m/02c9rj	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzcg38	what is the administrative area type of pieria
www.freebase.com/m/0175zz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0wbgxmt	What is an album from the dream pop genre
www.freebase.com/m/02t_m8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where did the the weather girls originate from?
www.freebase.com/m/04jlbk8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07gxw	what genre does the artist breathe carolina play
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtmf_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01q3q7	what is the active ingredient of titanium dioxide 0.08 lotion?
www.freebase.com/m/02fn5r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kr8kj	What's an album written by vince gill
www.freebase.com/m/02hkxws	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/games_developed	www.freebase.com/m/05bny_	which games did beam software pty., ltd. help develop?
www.freebase.com/m/017l96	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nv16n	what artists are signed to capitol records
www.freebase.com/m/05zk053	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/077x61	Where was the place of death of christian friedrich wilhelm roller
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0myn9sm	what is an animation film
www.freebase.com/m/0zd6	www.freebase.com/computer/computer/includes_models	www.freebase.com/m/023tnt	What is a macintosh computer?
www.freebase.com/m/01qcn8b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	what type of musical genre does john kirkpatrick (musician) create
www.freebase.com/m/02hws5l	www.freebase.com/base/rosetta/languoid/languoid_class	www.freebase.com/m/05kf4hf	what is the busa language
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0kv11r	what is a 1915 silent short film
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jld9q	which album is the of the genre punk rock
www.freebase.com/m/0gxzq9k	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What type of tv show is house of lies
www.freebase.com/m/023907r	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_sector/organizations_in_this_sector	www.freebase.com/m/0gkc_tc	whats the name of an organization in the  real estate sector
www.freebase.com/m/0kypghr	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01qky9	who was the publisher of stunts
www.freebase.com/m/0zhh1g4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language can the composition it must have been years be heard in?
www.freebase.com/m/04f3g2	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	which country locates zone
www.freebase.com/m/0slh7	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country contains oldenburg
www.freebase.com/m/06mvpp	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	which football position is joe ferguson charged of 
www.freebase.com/m/0gh6j71	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/05h47jg	Who directed the boy who talked to badgers?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0nftpqz	Name a cinematographer.
www.freebase.com/m/0345n6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0t_hx	what kristian alfonso born in brockton or san francisco
www.freebase.com/m/06sydpm	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/013xrm	what ethnicity is katharina althaus?
www.freebase.com/m/01q4bz4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	is get ya mind correct a studio album or a compilation album
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/013m3d	What is the name of a location in the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/0g7hjnk	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was the music album batman released in
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01khfxc	what is a punk rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/0gzq50	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03_gx	does otto selz follow judaism or catholicism 
www.freebase.com/m/02xb32	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0chl0yn	what singer died as a result of internal bleeding
www.freebase.com/m/01pyld	www.freebase.com/base/cars_refactor/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/0h5x4j3	What is the make of the lamborghini countach
www.freebase.com/m/061fb6	www.freebase.com/film/writer/film	www.freebase.com/m/07j6w	What's a film written by david peoples
www.freebase.com/m/09v877p	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rjg8	where did joe rand beckett die 
www.freebase.com/m/0dtmcgv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qnx_8	who composed september
www.freebase.com/m/0g7zsvr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/0lr0rr	what was the first recording of fireball
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs6g1z	Name a Bollywood musical film?
www.freebase.com/m/0l14gg	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gm33c	What's the soundtrack for s.cry.ed
www.freebase.com/m/034lt3r	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what format was lola rennt released
www.freebase.com/m/051zy_b	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03v1xb	Who produced the film a few good men
www.freebase.com/m/0261dw4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02lg4b	which places contain the university of tuzla?
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0xn5976	who is a pop music artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/027d__	What is a documentary film
www.freebase.com/m/04_mj2	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/02jq1g	who's a person named after eisley?
www.freebase.com/m/04whqxt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is the subject content of the book hellcat, the f6f in world war ii
www.freebase.com/m/04ld92m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0q_tv	where was frank ernaga born?
www.freebase.com/m/04n2n4f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/017w_	which german town was julia hasting born in?
www.freebase.com/m/01q5tyv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/020pdyy	where is necrophagia from?
www.freebase.com/m/02czby	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/078tg	what religion does khawaja nazimuddin practice 
www.freebase.com/m/0gx36wh	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	where did 108th regiment indiana infantry originate 
www.freebase.com/m/033xcsm	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	where was tribalicious released
www.freebase.com/m/0dr7r76	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0dr7r4x	what is the primary release on the album closer
www.freebase.com/m/03fq4s0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dtpnq_	What is the name of a track of dildo warheads?
www.freebase.com/m/0nplj1x	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	What format was big released on?
www.freebase.com/m/063tldj	www.freebase.com/event/disaster_survivor/survived_disasters	www.freebase.com/m/03hzt	Which disaster did laureen nussbaum survive?
www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jc50_	what is the album name from the electronica genre
www.freebase.com/m/04f4_fy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0175l4	What genre does music by chief stephen osita osadebe fall into?
www.freebase.com/m/06wfq94	www.freebase.com/base/yupgrade/user/topics	www.freebase.com/m/02wv9xd	what subject is used in nasa
www.freebase.com/m/02djnz	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/0lbp_	where was charles momsen buried
www.freebase.com/m/01243b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ny6gn	Name an indie rock album
www.freebase.com/m/0hqvgmd	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/active_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025s7j4	which moieties is contained of rosin/potassium cation/alcohol
www.freebase.com/m/0f1520	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what position does don givens play
www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bby3kt	Name an Italian soccer midfielder
www.freebase.com/m/045wq24	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	what topic is the book  deception on his mind about
www.freebase.com/m/09v6r_2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01z5x5	where did frederick willoughby die?
www.freebase.com/m/033br_	www.freebase.com/geography/island/island_group	www.freebase.com/m/01zy4q	what group has iejima
www.freebase.com/m/09gfyrx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	what type of music did chara the best baby baby baby xxx play?
www.freebase.com/m/04f4x_k	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is sammi fajarowicz's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvrzv8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/012xgc	Which city was jun izutsu born in
www.freebase.com/m/0_hy088	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0508mm	who is the lyricist of you don't always do what's best for you
www.freebase.com/m/03npdd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01f9wm	Who published color a dinosaur?
www.freebase.com/m/0gf6_0	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/021ndy	who wrote the grass crown
www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jkpdy	what's an example of a blues-rock album
www.freebase.com/m/06nsn	www.freebase.com/government/political_ideology/political_parties	www.freebase.com/m/047456	what political party is socialism?
www.freebase.com/m/02qjlgq	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_player/hockey_position	www.freebase.com/m/02qvzf	What hockey position does mathieu chouinard play
www.freebase.com/m/0crw71r	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what type of movie is pillars of faith: martyrs to christianity?
www.freebase.com/m/0z__j3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/05chtg	what is a song on the recording santa claus is comin to town
www.freebase.com/m/023361	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0277tzz	which supernatural film did jerry goldsmith contribute music for?
www.freebase.com/m/043lpw7	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was what you know bout me? part 2?
www.freebase.com/m/016zgj	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0hglrgg	What album is from the alternative country genre?
www.freebase.com/m/07r_2y	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/017j4q	where did josefhassid die
www.freebase.com/m/0262kgh	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/misc/murdered_person/place_murdered	www.freebase.com/m/01ls2	where was ingrid washinawatok murdered
www.freebase.com/m/05p2srm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/03mp8k	what label is senadee signed with
www.freebase.com/m/0z9v5	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is  oologah apart of
www.freebase.com/m/0b6yhjd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is the girl who came back?
www.freebase.com/m/049v539	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07d2d	What genre of music is the album onlysee?
www.freebase.com/m/0crwf1d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jxy	what is the netfix genre where bleach: vol. 30: the arrancar can be found
www.freebase.com/m/0kkm0bc	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03019m3	What album is o holy night from?
www.freebase.com/m/0718b	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	whats a color of the saint ambrose university
www.freebase.com/m/0crxsqt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what music genre is the clash: up close and personal 
www.freebase.com/m/01lb8z	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02p444n	What is odalys garcía's ethnicity
www.freebase.com/m/01h9xls	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What was the original release type of frank sinatra: volume iii: my heart tells me
www.freebase.com/m/011f07	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08nvpms	whose birthplace is in laramie, wyoming?
www.freebase.com/m/04_1q2j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	Which genre of music is theo kogan associated with
www.freebase.com/m/0fznrb3	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	what country is epicus doomicus metallicus from
www.freebase.com/m/0ds41sm	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/06btq	in which state is 2nd rhode island cavalry located 
www.freebase.com/m/0mm7n	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01hfwtf	what album was produced by bruce cockburn
www.freebase.com/m/03hpbhy	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0g_wn2	Where is the anchorage, ak metropolitan statistical area located?
www.freebase.com/m/09v0xtg	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is ultra.trance 07
www.freebase.com/m/080h2	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03hjl_w	Name someone who was born in vancouver
www.freebase.com/m/0f1t1v	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/01smm	What city is westgate apart of?
www.freebase.com/m/048s82b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03xpx0	where is normandy shores located 
www.freebase.com/m/01j63w7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre of music is the album freak of nature in?
www.freebase.com/m/02r3zjm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	which language is phool khile hain gulshan gulshan spoken in
www.freebase.com/m/026rh7f	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What is the nationality of eugen dücker?
www.freebase.com/m/01d8rxb	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/033sch5	what release is 1999 from?
www.freebase.com/m/01lyv	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01lv9fd	what is a country music album
www.freebase.com/m/02ptzr4	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What soccer position does ross gaynor hold
www.freebase.com/m/04xyryr	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/03mtv8h	What type of license does male have
www.freebase.com/m/07rg16	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02h8pkk	What is the genre ratcatcher (film) falls into?
www.freebase.com/m/02n1jm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is howard johnson's sex
www.freebase.com/m/01336l	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/06cw_5	Who is an asian american?
www.freebase.com/m/0d4ph22	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of mathieu hippeau
www.freebase.com/m/01z23nx	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcrv	What's the time zone used in whittier
www.freebase.com/m/0gmdrdk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	what kind of movie is man from music mountain
www.freebase.com/m/0p6x23	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/030645s	what release includes europa
www.freebase.com/m/019gmw	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02ctzb	What race does gloria vanderbilt belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0jdk0	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/01q61m9	who is a person that died due to lymphoma
www.freebase.com/m/02plp2	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hm1kc	What games are on the xbox 360 platform?
www.freebase.com/m/02hln81	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/03877	what platform is spongebob squarepants: supersponge played on?
www.freebase.com/m/01wn_xk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/025t8bv	what label does martin plaza record under
www.freebase.com/m/0_vhs	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03bf82	What American pastor was born in Paris?
www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/027kwbh	What is the name of a punk rock artist
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/05v6cgd	What is a compatible food for veganism
www.freebase.com/m/0zzpq8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/01k6hjq	what is a release from the recording battle of waterloo?
www.freebase.com/m/0736zm	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position did former soccer player pavel kuka play?
www.freebase.com/m/027kdfw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	What is the genre of the album everybody needs somebody to love / think?
www.freebase.com/m/05h4ty	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is frans van anraat's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0wzt74q	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What format was coup detat released in
www.freebase.com/m/0lkn686	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/015b5bz	From what recording is billy from
www.freebase.com/m/07s6sdq	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0mmp3	What kind of music does mark hosler play
www.freebase.com/m/05p1j3k	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	Which position does satoshi komatsu play in baseball
www.freebase.com/m/0lvz121	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0w3bvx	which album contains the track bullet?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/027rqy3	Who is an artist known for classical music?
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0glsdzx	What's an album by daz dillinger
www.freebase.com/m/054sd4w	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	What is Will Wilson's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	www.freebase.com/biology/organism_classification/organisms_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/04cwtld	What is the name of a race horse winner in 2007?
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qc4cd	what film has animation as its genre
www.freebase.com/m/0kymyvs	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/02jc2g	which company created the star wars: jedi reading game
www.freebase.com/m/0pzmf	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/03qkh5v	which tourist attraction is in camden
www.freebase.com/m/0rytwkd	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/geographic_scope	www.freebase.com/m/0lxhj	where would you find the la sentinelle  organization
www.freebase.com/m/0284978	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jrv_	Which genre of music does solstice create
www.freebase.com/m/0c7j26	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/014cw2	Who contributed to music on the film walking and talking?
www.freebase.com/m/025xr1c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is muirkirk in?
www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit_size/units_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0gx35gh	Name a military regiment
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsnv2	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025s6t	which active ingredient is found in loxapine succinate
www.freebase.com/m/0vxl0m2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01tl2q	where was vered feldman born 
www.freebase.com/m/03h64	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04lq0w	what is a building in hong kong
www.freebase.com/m/046pdy	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrvrv	what is acid pro
www.freebase.com/m/022h05	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	what type of martial art does mario d'agata practice 
www.freebase.com/m/0gjb3y5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02kl65h	What is star india?
www.freebase.com/m/0ph3yrv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	which genre is a boy's life 
www.freebase.com/m/0fhp9	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03cbysf	Name a person born in Vienna. 
www.freebase.com/m/01l46lr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	what kind of album is ecstasy?
www.freebase.com/m/01l63	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0csz6v	Name an irish blues rock bass guitarist born in belfast 
www.freebase.com/m/0d2dq0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/026cnbd	What's a book written about the great wall of china
www.freebase.com/m/0q9j67c	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what is the content type of mexican joe?
www.freebase.com/m/04t3cfd	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	What is the genre of the book the garden of evil
www.freebase.com/m/0t4rjf3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Is show me the place a song or a  movie
www.freebase.com/m/032gw8	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh4f	what is the notable type of central nova
www.freebase.com/m/0rrps1n	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03xpw13	which musician recorded red
www.freebase.com/m/05szc3f	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What football position does dmitriy gorbushin play?
www.freebase.com/m/0dmb7h9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01fx9k	which artist recorded buenos aires
www.freebase.com/m/06_9vdz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what types of movie is the happiness thief
www.freebase.com/m/0ydyk9t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	where was péter kornai born
www.freebase.com/m/0nqbnc6	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0nqbn1l	what is a track list off clint eastwood
www.freebase.com/m/0ms6mkx	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fx460j	what album was star trek releases on 
www.freebase.com/m/0264ttw	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is unforgivable blackness in?
www.freebase.com/m/0kwcbh9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/08gncp	Which tv series featured dublin?
www.freebase.com/m/02139g	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	where was looking glass studios organized
www.freebase.com/m/0drd7j	www.freebase.com/medicine/risk_factor/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/07jwr	Being a immunocompromised host can lead to what disease?
www.freebase.com/m/04j2kky	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fdjb	In which genre could the movie the sight be found
www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05zr1hv	Name a album within the progressive metal genre.
www.freebase.com/m/01fch0	www.freebase.com/government/government_office_category/offices	www.freebase.com/m/0gg0l	if someone is the chancellor of germany, what is their title 
www.freebase.com/m/01hbs0	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0gh6x4c	what book has to do with career development
www.freebase.com/m/0gjbgnn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/012yc	what genre of music does hoodie allen play in?
www.freebase.com/m/073z23	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is ossie schectman's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/05j79x	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01z8f0	where was roland beamont born?
www.freebase.com/m/03xnwz	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01pp0sm	Name an album from the indie pop genre
www.freebase.com/m/0h7nrbs	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04rlf	what is symphogear program about
www.freebase.com/m/0crrwnb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	Which netflix genre is the door under
www.freebase.com/m/02800tn	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	where did artist carpathian originate from
www.freebase.com/m/04g3yk	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/01xtjk	who is a founder of canadian health network?
www.freebase.com/m/05mv6tw	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04qbpk0	who created deadlines
www.freebase.com/m/01jpxl	www.freebase.com/religion/religious_practice/practice_of	www.freebase.com/m/01c2ky	what do member of mahamudra practice
www.freebase.com/m/0spch10	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What kind of release was live nottingham 20 dec 2004?
www.freebase.com/m/026jjsl	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What type of school is boyle county high school
www.freebase.com/m/01blk9	www.freebase.com/language/language_writing_system/languages	www.freebase.com/m/016rsc	What language utilizes the danish and norwegian alphabet
www.freebase.com/m/0crr_2l	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is tommy and the cool mule from 
www.freebase.com/m/0crw38f	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	What genre of film is compay segundo: world music portraits
www.freebase.com/m/027fly5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country is the tv show dracula from?
www.freebase.com/m/05kdp8b	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is wrapture! from
www.freebase.com/m/0d05q	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/025v9b9	who is the child of thomas cromwell
www.freebase.com/m/037lqtc	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what format is softcore jukebox
www.freebase.com/m/01n87cm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06rqw	what types of music is andiamo
www.freebase.com/m/01p7wc9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	is forum power pop or rock
www.freebase.com/m/0gw7tp6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what type of film is to the marriage of true minds?
www.freebase.com/m/03c4tfn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/011xr8	hatzerim is within was area
www.freebase.com/m/066xq	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease_cause/diseases	www.freebase.com/m/05szrl	what's a disease caused by pollution
www.freebase.com/m/03g18vv	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03hxnx	Which artist made murray perahia plays händel and scarlatti
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ndc_p_	what is a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/044qx	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0hpk0rd	who is the mother of james stewart?
www.freebase.com/m/09gktmp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	What city is white wizzard from?
www.freebase.com/m/056fcv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01730d	what kind of music is pinetop perkins known for
www.freebase.com/m/028g41	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	what kind of series is the trailer park boys tv show
www.freebase.com/m/04vdlrf	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where was the forge of god published
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kyjxw	what album was release by Koul Funk
www.freebase.com/m/060l97	www.freebase.com/computer/computer/parent_model	www.freebase.com/m/01tyhb	WHat's the parent model of macintosh quadra 700
www.freebase.com/m/0b2h06	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre is the album songs from the heart
www.freebase.com/m/02gk4z	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02wz4kl	which soviet scientist was also a commissar?
www.freebase.com/m/01lj71l	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/043d4	which artist recorded organ concertos 
www.freebase.com/m/0bcym8	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/04306rv	What genre is agnes and his brothers on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/05q5h2w	www.freebase.com/book/book/characters	www.freebase.com/m/073hbn	what character is from the book pride and prejudice and zombies?
www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	www.freebase.com/location/country/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/02hxntx	What is a language that is spoken in the philippines?
www.freebase.com/m/03sbb	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05hrnq	Name an inventor
www.freebase.com/m/0b4hgg	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	Which position was ismael valdez
www.freebase.com/m/01pxyy	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dfw83r	Name a film considered to be hardcore pornography
www.freebase.com/m/0k2lmwl	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0qdwr	Who produced a gentleman of leisure?
www.freebase.com/m/01kzt6j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/012_pvy	what is a song by macabre
www.freebase.com/m/02cpp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what musical genre does depeche mode create
www.freebase.com/m/0w7qj5x	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dddfnb	who produced the film short term 12
www.freebase.com/m/0ntfg9j	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0qrwgr	what is the release track on history
www.freebase.com/m/0q3ytwh	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is kevin carlson
www.freebase.com/m/0_qg2tk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	what kind of film is six p.m.?
www.freebase.com/m/01kn7sp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of  big, bigger, biggest! the best of mr. big!
www.freebase.com/m/01yldk	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hz_lhb	A notable softcore film would be what?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jty1d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/018lpm	Who composed "Don't Tell Me 9What Love Can Do)"?
www.freebase.com/m/01dvdd	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0f447	What is the architectural style of reims cathedral?
www.freebase.com/m/0m59__7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/03fpzjl	burgundy is a release track from what release
www.freebase.com/m/0gnq26	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0y3zy	Which city was raymond meier born in
www.freebase.com/m/0kzrm	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0484z8s	What city is located in talladega county, alabama?
www.freebase.com/m/02g8yv	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/notable_people_with_this_condition	www.freebase.com/m/016q1r	which neurologist is afflicted with prosopagnosia?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkpryg	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what is bruno cerella's country of origin?
www.freebase.com/m/026d0t2	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	what was written in lie down in darkness
www.freebase.com/m/03m9r28	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the mr. men show available in
www.freebase.com/m/0zpkp6p	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	Which type of composition is loneliness is eating me alive
www.freebase.com/m/081bls	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0c9jj9	which sequel did screen gems produce
www.freebase.com/m/0h0gkd	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	what kind of school is gaziosmanpasha university
www.freebase.com/m/05rgl	www.freebase.com/meteorology/cyclone_affected_area/cyclones	www.freebase.com/m/05255f	What is the name of a cyclone that affected the pacific ocean
www.freebase.com/m/02xhqrq	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05wbbp7	whats the name of a televangelist
www.freebase.com/m/0hpy2r2	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0gv5c	who is edwina armstron's parent?
www.freebase.com/m/055fvs	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/08vfyc2	which movie is directed by frank perry
www.freebase.com/m/03cn725	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what is austin academy for excellence's color?
www.freebase.com/m/06rdwzh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0_565	What is the birth place of don manno?
www.freebase.com/m/04wh7cs	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/08b33	What century is the subject of so in love
www.freebase.com/m/09lrrt	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0877zn	What genre best describes charles earland
www.freebase.com/m/0_f_72r	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is primarily used in anatomy of deception
www.freebase.com/m/05y4hpn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qkcb	Where did raymond t. mcnally pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0b6kw6d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	what style of show in netflix is melissa & joey under?
www.freebase.com/m/04yfkg_	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08cyft	what kind of music is the album  gotan object
www.freebase.com/m/04t49z3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0bwx3	who is the creator of the walking with thoreau book
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kc60f	Name a studio album content type. 
www.freebase.com/m/01rm5g8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m8vm	What style of music does billy smiley preform?
www.freebase.com/m/02qdpw6	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02mv3y	Who is the composer that created hey mister heartache
www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0c1y1j	Which educational institution is located in texas?
www.freebase.com/m/04q0jwc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03h4ffl	Where is the location of juhana?
www.freebase.com/m/04wcdyr	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/034cm	what is a subject in spirits of place
www.freebase.com/m/08s9rtr	www.freebase.com/film/producer/films_executive_produced	www.freebase.com/m/03d98w3	which film did simon fawcett produce
www.freebase.com/m/04t253p	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	what was written in worse than slavery
www.freebase.com/m/0273gv	www.freebase.com/food/dish/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/09y2k2	From what cuisine is carbonara
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0k2m1x3	what are actors born in italy
www.freebase.com/m/0jzcgn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what is ferruccio de martino's in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/04q9sg2	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is cristóbal cruz's gender
www.freebase.com/m/0fyqc43	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fqgzyw	what is a track from whb?
www.freebase.com/m/0fzc8g5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fzc8fn	which song was part of baby
www.freebase.com/m/0zpn7r_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0zqct__	what is a track from babylon
www.freebase.com/m/0b9l1f	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/089w5f	where is salgaocar f.c. based
www.freebase.com/m/0zwn8f1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0g65_	what is the cvg genre of dream chamber
www.freebase.com/m/062djq	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs34z	What is an active moiety of tetrabenazine?
www.freebase.com/m/0_sntbs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03bxz7	what kinda of film is tommy hancock: west texas muse
www.freebase.com/m/03bwzs_	www.freebase.com/base/animanga/franchise/anime_series	www.freebase.com/m/03cxkx1	what anime series is macross
www.freebase.com/m/080kg6r	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	What is the netflix genre that protection can be found in
www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cs3nwv	What is an indie film that can be found on Netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crw4qt	what is a film in the concert film genre
www.freebase.com/m/0138lm	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/focus_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01n5fw	what is the main city for ata airlines
www.freebase.com/m/01qnrgs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is azitamusic from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtv2w	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	What is the legal status of lidocaine hydrochloride 20 injection?
www.freebase.com/m/06_m2r	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/09d5d5	Who produced the movie blood and wine?
www.freebase.com/m/07k7m36	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was the american game filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0cmzhm	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03shp	whats the nationality of mitra hajjar
www.freebase.com/m/08g0y8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is daniel rogers
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06mk6n	what's the title of a science fiction book
www.freebase.com/m/0296y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03g18sk	What death metal album was released in 2007?
www.freebase.com/m/033fqh	www.freebase.com/film/film/sequel	www.freebase.com/m/03tps5	what was the sequel to meet the parents
www.freebase.com/m/0d4wjx	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	where is white island, county fermanagh located at?
www.freebase.com/m/01bz6g5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05crg7	What artist recorded europa?
www.freebase.com/m/081m_	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0v2crdf	Who was born in warsaw?
www.freebase.com/m/0c4x9yz	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0c6ztvt	what edition did the book plato come from?
www.freebase.com/m/0qknr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	Where was pandulf masca born
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0vyzn	name a township in north american central time zone 
www.freebase.com/m/03kjh	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06lm1c	which film director was born in hobart?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/076tjb3	who is a person born in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0492qlh	What's a city in the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0frssfl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fr09q0	what track was released in avatar
www.freebase.com/m/0zxmjys	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01vryrn	Who composed only got one
www.freebase.com/m/0w1ql1y	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is arthur bernard from
www.freebase.com/m/0h0sg9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0chghy	What is the country of origin of the tv program the evil touch?
www.freebase.com/m/0j9ydhk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03khn	what is  nisse hirn birth place
www.freebase.com/m/0997yx	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/07lz9l	Who wrote the emperors new cloak
www.freebase.com/m/0dmdkv	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/02vx4	What sport does Medical Park Antalyaspor sponsor?
www.freebase.com/m/0_jvptt	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0mm7n	Who composed deer dancing round a broken mirror?
www.freebase.com/m/027lf1	www.freebase.com/base/pinball/pinball_machine_manufacturer/pinball_machines	www.freebase.com/m/04dc12	what game is from midway games
www.freebase.com/m/0bxzpxv	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/09y4k1	who on earth directed texas
www.freebase.com/m/02r5y5j	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/0c5sm	What is a form of the composition o mio babbino caro?
www.freebase.com/m/0n6ynjk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/010rxrd	what recording has the track the cleansing
www.freebase.com/m/01sqd47	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07d2d	what is the best way to classify faktychno sami's music
www.freebase.com/m/0_bhj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mwds	in which county in Pennsylvania is reinerton-orwin-muir located
www.freebase.com/m/0gt751	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ch55	which instrument is played by barbara carroll
www.freebase.com/m/0dp5mj	www.freebase.com/base/argumentmaps/expression_of_disvalue/thing_of_disputed_value	www.freebase.com/m/01lp8	What did the letter to a christian nation dispute the value of?
www.freebase.com/m/0wfm7y6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What is the gender of katie barber?
www.freebase.com/m/049rmfp	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what formatting does a golden hour of... have
www.freebase.com/m/040pdnl	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	what company developed the game milon's secret castle
www.freebase.com/m/0fn2g	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04q32xm	What's a conflict that occurred in bangkok
www.freebase.com/m/03z114x	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of the age of atlantic?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxj2t6	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/04v81y	what active ingredient is found in skin rash complex
www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/069cynx	what kind of work was contain in book, spain
www.freebase.com/m/0f406wf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rvjxs	What artist recorded red
www.freebase.com/m/0nts6vg	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0nmzys4	What recording is a representation of the track diamond
www.freebase.com/m/079z8_	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was art kane birthed?
www.freebase.com/m/06449	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/03hcyr	philip glass founded this organization
www.freebase.com/m/09692c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05n7tf	Where did eileen caddy pass away
www.freebase.com/m/0j8jvp0	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in the taiwan oyster
www.freebase.com/m/027fxn4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04n7jdv	what musical genre is otep shamaya considered
www.freebase.com/m/01khmnd	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what genre is unbreakable: the greatest hits, volume 1 
www.freebase.com/m/0nlyxy1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pgmw9	which artist made the recording gold
www.freebase.com/m/0gktzcc	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	Which country is the film light and shadow in
www.freebase.com/m/06y48c	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/06pvr	What area is the south bay (san francisco bay area) located in?
www.freebase.com/m/02w2zt2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	What country is christian rahn from
www.freebase.com/m/027t4dl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/025rst1	What county is arrowood located in?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0rhnf5f	what is the name of a drama
www.freebase.com/m/0ws6b	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06zkvzp	Who's a lawyer born in kirksville
www.freebase.com/m/02w0sbc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of hitoshi tomizawa?
www.freebase.com/m/03xnjyl	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0gd9tbv	what is an album by chipmunk
www.freebase.com/m/048h73	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/02_6v0	who is the father of chris wallace (journalist)
www.freebase.com/m/04wcrms	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	What is land of legendary lore about?
www.freebase.com/m/0dgq1w	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0jvm3ph	Who directed the film The Halloween Tree?
www.freebase.com/m/0bwgb3x	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/0skvb15	what is the primary release of the album the popular duke ellington?
www.freebase.com/m/05kn2k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0s2rg	where would you find college of southern idaho
www.freebase.com/m/0crf4tp	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0dwp83	what video game influenced microsoft flight
www.freebase.com/m/01sy6y	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/07nxpl	who was granville leveson-gower, 2nd earl granville's father
www.freebase.com/m/02dsz	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01x288_	who is a disc jockey?
www.freebase.com/m/04l5dd	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	life with the lyons  is what kind of tv program
www.freebase.com/m/03y_bd_	www.freebase.com/music/release/album	www.freebase.com/m/03z86h_	What album is jersey a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0cv25t	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what does john marriott do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/0n1_6_l	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0jzc	which language is used in detroit unleaded
www.freebase.com/m/0zwvnd	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01wyz92	who is the recording artist of the song quiet storm (remix)?
www.freebase.com/m/0zpk1ff	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0494yv	who wrote the lyrics for how you sleep at night
www.freebase.com/m/02pm1j1	www.freebase.com/comic_books/comic_book_series/featured_characters	www.freebase.com/m/01l7gv	which superman character is featured in the series countdown to final crisis?
www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/03qfmn	which book is adventure
www.freebase.com/m/0_hv5b3	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0b_j2	Who is the lyricist from the compostion  river of dreams
www.freebase.com/m/01r7tzw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	What genre of music does steve hofmeyr play?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj6wtt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	what is the nationality of neal sundstrom
www.freebase.com/m/0953c4	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	what is risë stevens's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04g17tn	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	where can 5260 philvéron be found
www.freebase.com/m/024jcg5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0d368x	Who recorded the track just friends
www.freebase.com/m/0vg8	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/01gjhp	What's an organization that is an airline
www.freebase.com/m/0372sf5	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lh1xxy	what track list was the war of art released from 
www.freebase.com/m/0bxyxd0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was saddle the wind filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbg0b2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01dpl6	who does the song mexico
www.freebase.com/m/06qkvs	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is matagami in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gvt7cr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01qkwf8	who was the artist of the album live in london 2011
www.freebase.com/m/01sxw8_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/06fjm3	Who is youinseries' record label?
www.freebase.com/m/0qq4b	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0m2b5	name a census-designated place 
www.freebase.com/m/01r23cz	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04fcjt	Which label signed the artist nitty
www.freebase.com/m/0fv6bn6	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02x8m	is routes to riches a funk or edm album
www.freebase.com/m/0168jb	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/022dc6	What kind of game is pole position?
www.freebase.com/m/081w2v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What position did asa hall play
www.freebase.com/m/0jvs96z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is justin helwege from
www.freebase.com/m/041zcy	www.freebase.com/boats/ship/ship_class	www.freebase.com/m/03wwzt	What ship class is hmas arunta (i30)
www.freebase.com/m/02_4qt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program_creator/programs_created	www.freebase.com/m/098tgz	which tv show did genndy tartakovsky create 
www.freebase.com/m/0ylx_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fkf	in which state is plymouth located
www.freebase.com/m/0lp0yp0	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0x7qng	which albums have the track kansas city?
www.freebase.com/m/04v13w7	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/041xl	which english novelist was the editor of the day of forever?
www.freebase.com/m/05d1n77	www.freebase.com/games/game/derived_from	www.freebase.com/m/026q9	what game did dungeons & dragons (4th edition) come from 
www.freebase.com/m/04j06vy	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/01htn	who was in charge of music for the movie book of numbers
www.freebase.com/m/019xfl	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/01f85k	what film is filmed in angkor wat?
www.freebase.com/m/06mnr	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t0cyv	What is a notable statistics book? 
www.freebase.com/m/027gnkv	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	from what country is toñito from 
www.freebase.com/m/0kw7h7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/015gw6	who is harold arthur bates's son 
www.freebase.com/m/0fh9cr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	What city was ferenc sas's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/0rq8zt	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lrvxl1	what song is from the recording macgyver
www.freebase.com/m/0q204fk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what genre of movie is la belle province
www.freebase.com/m/0180tn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	what was the cause of death for hoagy carmichael
www.freebase.com/m/0yv_pml	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is tommy hestmark from?
www.freebase.com/m/0g6gx3q	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/01vs_v8	Who produced the recording sorry?
www.freebase.com/m/0mvbtdl	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fzyb1f	which recordings contains the track new york city?
www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2s06	Name a netflix title from the vampire genre
www.freebase.com/m/0cml_8x	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of movie is the tail gunner 
www.freebase.com/m/09zsv0	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what was a school color of south garland high school
www.freebase.com/m/0f447	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/0bwlys4	What is an example of gothic architecture?
www.freebase.com/m/0t_hxmp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of george silver?
www.freebase.com/m/04w91f1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03fxb3	What wrote visions of politics
www.freebase.com/m/03nxjkz	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	What type of album was and furthurmore...
www.freebase.com/m/025xklk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0n0gb	in what city did herbert b. warburton die
www.freebase.com/m/065tqyg	www.freebase.com/book/short_non_fiction/mode_of_writing	www.freebase.com/m/02t97	what is behind the green door
www.freebase.com/m/02qbjc3	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	What baseball position does  play
www.freebase.com/m/04j21_p	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is massacre from
www.freebase.com/m/06rlg3	www.freebase.com/book/short_story/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0707q	what type of story is 1408
www.freebase.com/m/0w0d8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fqyc	Where is castricum
www.freebase.com/m/0yty4	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0frb4	what county does midland belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0p7b7l0	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	What is 82 classified as
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/091m4hz	What is an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/026ww4_	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04lzl5	which artist is with albert productions?
www.freebase.com/m/08kxfm	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0847q	In which Australian state is malaga located in?
www.freebase.com/m/05xpv	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0h2138	what is peter falk's race
www.freebase.com/m/0gqfsr	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/03fw4k	who produced the film parinda
www.freebase.com/m/0vv1z	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is watab township in
www.freebase.com/m/01bzr4	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4_ym	What film was leon schlesinger a producer on
www.freebase.com/m/0fxlj	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zkx7r5	what are some examples of compositions by w. c. handy?
www.freebase.com/m/047njh4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country came up with the tv show off the wall
www.freebase.com/m/013qss	www.freebase.com/geography/river/cities	www.freebase.com/m/094c81	what cities does the river wharfe run through
www.freebase.com/m/0pqc56	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/037y27h	the recording red was released on what album
www.freebase.com/m/05gj5q	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01rnb3r	what band is with situation two
www.freebase.com/m/0_syb	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04lddkv	which pitcher was born in cleveland?
www.freebase.com/m/073_6	www.freebase.com/book/school_or_movement/associated_works	www.freebase.com/m/09j9ksx	What is an erotic book by Bogza displaying surrealism?
www.freebase.com/m/04v85fg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/05qhy41	who was the publisher of the stand
www.freebase.com/m/01z0rw	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/08gqfm	what athlete was born in banská bystrica
www.freebase.com/m/0h1j37	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/019c7v	Who wrote the album austin sunday
www.freebase.com/m/0dw9qy	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	what type of book is the world swappers
www.freebase.com/m/04t449r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0fqplm	who is the author of the good doctor
www.freebase.com/m/01jmxbg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was solos (1940) released 
www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02qs6c8	what is the name of a fantasy book
www.freebase.com/m/09m86m	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0dh11	what was safi of persia's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/0dr2d50	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03g5jw	What rock band recorded arizona
www.freebase.com/m/0f2zc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What artist recorded the track madagascar
www.freebase.com/m/05wbh4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dt962w	what is a song by chamillionaire
www.freebase.com/m/025tgc	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/015_1q	what label is the chordettes signed with
www.freebase.com/m/048927n	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01n7q	what western state does contain avila place
www.freebase.com/m/066q5q	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	What genre is chōdenji machine voltes v
www.freebase.com/m/0_wk6	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what time zone is cedar hill within
www.freebase.com/m/03b_ft0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	what city in new york was robert aronowitz born
www.freebase.com/m/048fg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/0zrz2md	what is a kickboxing program?
www.freebase.com/m/02pl8gt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is charles a. gunn's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/0273x_z	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	where was the place that john sherwood die
www.freebase.com/m/01g14w	www.freebase.com/user/robert/roman_empire/roman_emperor_title/emperors_with_this_title	www.freebase.com/m/0f283	who has the title roman emperor
www.freebase.com/m/04fk2x7	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0blg2	What olympic games featured mens pommel horse
www.freebase.com/m/06s79c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	where in spain did hermann heller kick the bucket
www.freebase.com/m/019dwlr	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0c71p5	What musician made ann street, s. 211
www.freebase.com/m/01qxp5l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01lc7h	What music genre is Boubacar Traoré?
www.freebase.com/m/05c5_4k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv7s2	what is poppy seed an active ingredient in
www.freebase.com/m/05q4ctk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04q5jq	which city did bruno heck die
www.freebase.com/m/05f7ccd	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0113sg	Name someone who influenced kevin mcaleer.
www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2tjk	What is the title of a netflix psychological thriller?
www.freebase.com/m/0g9qgnz	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0219x_	what genre is the film the evangelist
www.freebase.com/m/0dc212	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/mascot	www.freebase.com/m/0by6z	What is the mascot of colleyville heritage high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrpt3	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the format of coast to coast
www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_form_shape/drugs_with_this_shape	www.freebase.com/m/0hql7cc	List a drug that comes shaped as a circle
www.freebase.com/m/04mx10j	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02g_6j	What position did former american football gary weaver play?
www.freebase.com/m/04zd7g	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was involved in battle of zapote river?
www.freebase.com/m/07cx0l	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is anthony crank?
www.freebase.com/m/0cb7nr	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0np9r	what is hōchū Ōtsuka's profession in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/0f46yhk	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how is poison in the mix, volume 2 formated
www.freebase.com/m/02psgrc	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	Which religion is ivan belostenec associated with
www.freebase.com/m/04vj5nl	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01m1b8	Who was the editor of the book monster.
www.freebase.com/m/0t53t8b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in saint george
www.freebase.com/m/01g6b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016cjb	blind willie mctell  is known for creating music in what genre
www.freebase.com/m/0g4qw3n	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	what kind of movie is peter and the wolf
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0489jkl	which creek is located in united states
www.freebase.com/m/0cq23j3	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/02vnmg1	which movies released in netflix features deadly disasters?
www.freebase.com/m/0gg5z08	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does martin Železník play in soccer
www.freebase.com/m/03yjp3s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04tgp	in which state was buddy scott born
www.freebase.com/m/047lpbc	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/place_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/05tbn	what is the place of origin of 126th pennsylvania infantry
www.freebase.com/m/01jf6w8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what type of music is the album absolution tour?
www.freebase.com/m/047bx2y	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0czdw5	What is a symptom of laryngopharyngeal reflux
www.freebase.com/m/02820z5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0h34hy8	what is the name of an album by soulja boy
www.freebase.com/m/01rqkmn	www.freebase.com/music/album/primary_release	www.freebase.com/m/034wjm9	what was the primary release for the album idolator called
www.freebase.com/m/0g02vk	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/05bhdc	which american judge died due to parkinsons disease
www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/06chg2	who was born in toronto?
www.freebase.com/m/07k7rgz	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/0m9c1	Who directed boccaccio
www.freebase.com/m/01ktsr9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	what kind of album is ....on the radio
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0dlmm88	what tv program is romance film
www.freebase.com/m/07x9tr	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	What kind of school is lincoln-sudbury regional high school?
www.freebase.com/m/09t0y6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is ralph g. brooks's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/03ccrc	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of ichirō ozawa
www.freebase.com/m/0nddg1m	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0349s	what language was used in the film pray
www.freebase.com/m/0f84cj9	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0lw21n	what's a song released on live at the bbc
www.freebase.com/m/0277l0j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/013yq	Where is the famous candler building
www.freebase.com/m/029577	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/0dxdd	what's a symptom of herpes zoster
www.freebase.com/m/03m4_nb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01c7nt	where is fontan located
www.freebase.com/m/0jp6wmj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is darcy donavan a male or female
www.freebase.com/m/05qfhyx	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what is the world below considered
www.freebase.com/m/04165_9	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/07h07	who was the writer of  despair
www.freebase.com/m/01m8zy8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/010rfz0	spacemen 3 created what track
www.freebase.com/m/03qtp_	www.freebase.com/travel/hotel_brand/hotels_in_this_brand	www.freebase.com/m/09z5kj	Name a radisson hotels hotel
www.freebase.com/m/0ch58zq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/01wgr	which language was innocence filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0210g6	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h_7	Name a written work from the author Russell Hoban.
www.freebase.com/m/0n0g4vk	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0g93y6w	what album was ballad released as a part of 
www.freebase.com/m/0j6646v	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03d204v	who developed minecraft: xbox 360 edition
www.freebase.com/m/0k64ss	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is adam oliensis's profession in the entertainment industry?
www.freebase.com/m/0lbb2	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/06hmd	who was david gemmell influence 
www.freebase.com/m/05cb8j	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	what city can you find preservation hall
www.freebase.com/m/01gtx7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01d7rvz	whats the name of one of evanescence's songs
www.freebase.com/m/02lyr4	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/03m9hhr	Who's a baseball player that's an outfielder
www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0fgtfm	What is an example of a thriller (genre) movie?
www.freebase.com/m/053gjx	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is john polson a boy or a girl
www.freebase.com/m/0hxrbg8	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/01c6l	who directed the film icarus?
www.freebase.com/m/0225z1	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/04047vc	what is a video game published by eidos interactive
www.freebase.com/m/025_qnt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_character/first_tv_appearance	www.freebase.com/m/025_759	what was the first tv appearance of the character sylar
www.freebase.com/m/0mgvcwd	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f6cqrv	The song stay was apart of what album
www.freebase.com/m/02vqrmm	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m40d	What kind of album is dear mr. cole?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbbjpc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is david novack known for
www.freebase.com/m/0dfzf2	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01b2w5	what is the namesake of sunset
www.freebase.com/m/0n66shm	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of rob sinclair?
www.freebase.com/m/03yg9t0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	where can 9544 scottbirney  be found
www.freebase.com/m/0480nq3	www.freebase.com/education/school_district/schools	www.freebase.com/m/0260gt8	which schools are located in the springfield school district 19?
www.freebase.com/m/0ch9g_9	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	What is the language of the film circuit
www.freebase.com/m/0b8gqk	www.freebase.com/base/cryptography/cipher/created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0c85l7	who created py (cipher)
www.freebase.com/m/0d2d7d	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01243b	what type of music does rocco deluca and the burden play?
www.freebase.com/m/06qd_4	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09lbv	What is the profession of stuart cable
www.freebase.com/m/04mcv2	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	what state was the fictional character  icarus born 
www.freebase.com/m/0t7spn	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l23y8l	Name a track by the artist victoria.
www.freebase.com/m/09kqc	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wc4s1	what's a humour book written by peggy bacon
www.freebase.com/m/0278gjg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02k6hp	what caused ben gage's death
www.freebase.com/m/0d_g998	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0lzcyth	which name was the song atlantic ocean released under
www.freebase.com/m/0f4zph	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0261207	Where is hoovina hadagali located?
www.freebase.com/m/0gm81x	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	what country is riofreddo in
www.freebase.com/m/01m73f4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0155w	What kind of music does the artist ronnie laws produce
www.freebase.com/m/0ddcbvr	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01ym9b	what kind of music is on the album motions of mutation
www.freebase.com/m/0j__z	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/05489	What is the subject of snow crash?
www.freebase.com/m/059bkl	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/07s5b67	what type of license does windowblinds have?
www.freebase.com/m/0jt8c0	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/05b08zq	What is a film produced by wyck godfrey?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxp2bx	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	which type of album is  20 anos de carreira - ao vivo
www.freebase.com/m/0h97_00	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/03kbr	what is martanda sydney tondaiman's religion
www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqthm0	Name an active ingredient in menthol.
www.freebase.com/m/08496	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0137dh	What surgeon influenced william paley
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/04g1_h7	which asteroid was discovered in 1998?
www.freebase.com/m/0chgzm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/045hd3	Name a man born in melbourne
www.freebase.com/m/04j2sbh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	which genre is love, murder and deceit listed in netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/0r8yr8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06r0mp	who released the recording grand canyon
www.freebase.com/m/02x4cb8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is quinn k. redeker
www.freebase.com/m/02ps8g3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is henry hicks
www.freebase.com/m/05vdqxw	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	where in the united states was stephen greenleaf born?
www.freebase.com/m/02hlt_j	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/03tly	what company developed zork iii
www.freebase.com/m/02vyyvw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/059kh	what is the genre of the artist thecutelepers
www.freebase.com/m/0358n2l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01c66ks	what is a song on the album bluebird
www.freebase.com/m/02rs6jp	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/0194x	which period was theodoor rombouts associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/02kt6d	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gp794	who is a person born in mekong delta
www.freebase.com/m/04fd5r8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	what is ken owen's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/03hjvwt	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0lby	who is the author of the written work the unquiet grave
www.freebase.com/m/064pn6y	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08dzcc	who is the publisher of lego indiana jones 2: the adventure continues?
www.freebase.com/m/03nwxw3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is peter folco's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/010mn0	What is a place formerly known as Boyd's Ferry located in virginia?
www.freebase.com/m/0v8_gw0	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0184dt	Who was the executive producer of the film  transcendence
www.freebase.com/m/0274tq2	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Where does e. kidd bogart originate from
www.freebase.com/m/01j_wl0	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05fdvt	which artist made the album the makem & clancy concert
www.freebase.com/m/04y852w	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	What genre of music does mistakes represent?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvmn8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0t6y8p	Name a track by yeht mae.
www.freebase.com/m/0pm85	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01k55yx	which artist creates  emo music
www.freebase.com/m/0bxj9j	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02lcqs	in what time zone is crystal lake recreation area?
www.freebase.com/m/04vl1j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where is  the artist  john benitez from
www.freebase.com/m/057_66	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/05b4z25	what is the name of a public high school 
www.freebase.com/m/04zy529	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_qc_	what was mamoru sasaki's cause of death 
www.freebase.com/m/04jnppk	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02r8z0t	Who composed Believe?
www.freebase.com/m/02wbt2d	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/03hrz	which city contains tierpark hagenbeck
www.freebase.com/m/0zxsn02	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/08hg44	who is the lyricist for i'm alright
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04w27q_	what is a book from the mystery literary genre
www.freebase.com/m/0frdg_f	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f94t	where in manhattan was datra hicks's birthplace?
www.freebase.com/m/0lck6lw	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/0dn7v	what type of martial art does glenn heywood  practice
www.freebase.com/m/02x47bk	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	in what format was redux produce
www.freebase.com/m/0cbqk	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0260ps_	Which organization was founded by jane goodall
www.freebase.com/m/05ysdg	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh4f	what is south ribble known for
www.freebase.com/m/069z_x	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is hiawatha's rabbit hunt from
www.freebase.com/m/02k6pl3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02kmm	what is joel limberg's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/06zllvl	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07b_l	where is blackstone building located?
www.freebase.com/m/0djb5zy	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What netflix genre does tomie: revenge fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/095_46	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	which position in baseball did matt desalvo play?
www.freebase.com/m/02qshxc	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What is the nationality of antoine préget?
www.freebase.com/m/0by1x1d	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is cotton minahan male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0blnm	What person has the profession of a film producer?
www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gk35t	What's a city in italy
www.freebase.com/m/0lrbg2v	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0181ldk	what is the recording for the track aurora?
www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0g3p7v	Name a film director
www.freebase.com/m/042d1	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/01hgpt	what battle did james monroe participate in
www.freebase.com/m/01q24l	www.freebase.com/government/government_office_or_title/governmental_body_if_any	www.freebase.com/m/047747	Whats a governmental body that includes a councillor 
www.freebase.com/m/04grdcv	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01b8cw	what position does cecil souders play 
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hznjyg	who was the first Bishop from Thanjavur india
www.freebase.com/m/07srw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/037vx4	what's a landmark within the state of utah
www.freebase.com/m/0qzy3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kv4k	What country does keeler belong to
www.freebase.com/m/05lj3w	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0mns1	Where did the battle of north anna take place?
www.freebase.com/m/04kbkd1	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0kypg1s	What are versions of rock band 2?
www.freebase.com/m/0ftv9fr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album the best of martin dennys exotica
www.freebase.com/m/09qhhc	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is georges politzer's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0284p0m	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/03xm3m	what kind of industry is the petron corporation
www.freebase.com/m/01w79hf	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	What instrument does corey rozzoni play?
www.freebase.com/m/03f4t53	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0641528	Which film was theo mackeben the musical contributor for?
www.freebase.com/m/08sr_j	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	What form of art is boy bitten by a lizard
www.freebase.com/m/03j14bd	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bb5kqd	what song did daniel vangarde compose?
www.freebase.com/m/06dj2c	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/01ql9r	what major cities does new hampshire route 28 run through
www.freebase.com/m/0g6r05b	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g6r0b3	Name a track released from 100 80s hits
www.freebase.com/m/0zxyhtb	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is spoken in blues
www.freebase.com/m/0f93lg	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/space_mission/space_program	www.freebase.com/m/09l35	which program contains sts-125
www.freebase.com/m/0l14fq	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0wtwbg4	what album is ep part of
www.freebase.com/m/0dsmcb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country was pinocchio 3000 filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0sjbgk7	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/04fdsdw	which release is one fine day in?
www.freebase.com/m/0n4b814	www.freebase.com/government/political_party/ideology	www.freebase.com/m/01d_sm	what's team stronach's ideology
www.freebase.com/m/0xbbcmw	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0x6ntx8	what is a song included in floorfillers: the ultimate collection
www.freebase.com/m/0mb00	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/01j950	what is the occupation of prince valiant?
www.freebase.com/m/0pkq3l	www.freebase.com/music/recording/producer	www.freebase.com/m/07m0c	who produced the elements
www.freebase.com/m/0fcbrg	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/0fcby1	what is the school district of penn high school?
www.freebase.com/m/01l_1f6	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01l_1g7	Who recorded how lucky i am
www.freebase.com/m/04y7899	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03gj2	what country is the movie immigrants from?
www.freebase.com/m/01k6g6b	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01k6g1s	What is one of john abercrombie (guitarist)'s albums
www.freebase.com/m/01lrv3	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/0747ngg	what does ertapenem help to treat?
www.freebase.com/m/06s3w7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06j6l	Which genre is the album confessions on a dance floor from
www.freebase.com/m/097hcqw	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What genre of film is steal this film - part one
www.freebase.com/m/0hqj19n	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	What is the shape of herbon glacial mint 7.35/10/6 lozenge
www.freebase.com/m/0ds0r5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the girl from tomorrow part ii: tomorrows end in?
www.freebase.com/m/03thc_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of grzegorz turnau
www.freebase.com/m/0g3cc	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/writing_system	www.freebase.com/m/0253w	what writing system does the sindarin language use
www.freebase.com/m/0wbm4_m	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cr3d	Where was william j. heffernan bown
www.freebase.com/m/0gfgx1k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0d9y6	What is the birth place of kelly pratt
www.freebase.com/m/0hqw5fn	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly
www.freebase.com/m/05zjt5t	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	What language is three russian songs, op. 41 in
www.freebase.com/m/01l95z	www.freebase.com/business/company_advisor/companies_advised	www.freebase.com/m/03grk0n	What is a company that was advised by esther dyson
www.freebase.com/m/05lx_2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	what type of music is terria?
www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/049mql	what is a movie title that is an  action film
www.freebase.com/m/0cc9096	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	is the power of the dark crystal a animation or comedy 
www.freebase.com/m/03m6cpp	www.freebase.com/geography/lake/lake_type	www.freebase.com/m/093shy	What type of lake is bortelsee?
www.freebase.com/m/064x6d	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01bpnd	who wrote the lyrics for who feels love?
www.freebase.com/m/01zjqd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	what gameplay mode can max payne be played in 
www.freebase.com/m/0pl2skt	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position does augusto Álvarez have in football
www.freebase.com/m/0sg7qph	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01lfy	Where was bente messmann born
www.freebase.com/m/03bv0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	does giacomo puccini play classical music or pop
www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0cr50cq	Name a college in mumbai
www.freebase.com/m/06lj9f	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/content	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	What kind of station is kfor-tv 
www.freebase.com/m/0zxz2lz	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0q76fjq	Which release is the track die in your arms from
www.freebase.com/m/03gc3l7	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tkn4n	whose content is ipartyradio.com: the #1 party authority
www.freebase.com/m/0413pdk	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01v8c	where did otto nückel die
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt0r4	which drug formulation is of the category drug
www.freebase.com/m/0310_t	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0wf4jlr	whats the name of one of alka yagnik's song
www.freebase.com/m/0np3jd_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/014k0b	What type of release was police officer by Smiley Culture?
www.freebase.com/m/0clw6ns	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is kaplan college-midland in
www.freebase.com/m/04z257	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0bxg3	What type of film is the brothers grimm?
www.freebase.com/m/06c59dl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/015n8	Who wrote the letters?
www.freebase.com/m/03gwh3	www.freebase.com/spaceflight/rocket/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the country of origin for atlas ii
www.freebase.com/m/027t1gd	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/science_or_technology_company/area_of_expertise	www.freebase.com/m/0b64qy9	What is the area of expertise of illumina (company)?
www.freebase.com/m/06yyp	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/practices	www.freebase.com/m/07_jd	What is a dietary practice strictyl followed by people that practice sikhism
www.freebase.com/m/0359_9l	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/01dw7m6	what track was released on dancemania 8
www.freebase.com/m/01rs82	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0163ff	who is john d. rockefeller, jr. named after 
www.freebase.com/m/05h2pdm	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/04nfpk	What position does ed galigher play
www.freebase.com/m/01hs096	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is stop making sense
www.freebase.com/m/0cm2xh	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/04j7p9	who was involved in the world war i?
www.freebase.com/m/0hn3wvq	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in chained
www.freebase.com/m/013w7j	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0rggj0m	Name a track by sean combs.
www.freebase.com/m/06br8	www.freebase.com/base/rugby/type_of_rugby/players_of_this_type_of_rugby	www.freebase.com/m/07h694	who is a rugby union player
www.freebase.com/m/01hj59p	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	is traveling cash: an imaginary journey a compilation album or soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/02px8z6	www.freebase.com/aviation/airliner_accident/flight_origin	www.freebase.com/m/04lyk	where did continental airlines flight 12 take off from?
www.freebase.com/m/0zkfcpv	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what form of music is old college avenue
www.freebase.com/m/0s5ry	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02vwnbg	which person was born in university park
www.freebase.com/m/064r9j	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/016z_9	Who wrote the film the innocents
www.freebase.com/m/033km1	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02qk1dk	What is the name of a place located in el oro province
www.freebase.com/m/03xy01	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is francesco filelfo's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04jfhkh	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/languages_spoken	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What's a language spoken in nepalis in the united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/043ljr	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03y8x3p	what reggae singer and producer is promoted  by rounder records
www.freebase.com/m/01fj8qm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is rare diamonds?
www.freebase.com/m/015r7d	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vcpf1	Name a book published by the author e. nesbit
www.freebase.com/m/0h5w747	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0h37dn6	what film did pete morgan contribute to
www.freebase.com/m/0f83nd3	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/014l3l	What label released in the blood?
www.freebase.com/m/01vvl2r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05bt6j	what types of music is played by bobby kimball
www.freebase.com/m/05206s6	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	what position does diego romano play at?
www.freebase.com/m/0r5xm2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/016szr	who recorded woodys gone
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0jxn9tw	which drug formulation is used as an antacid?
www.freebase.com/m/0mdl3zm	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0f048j3	pulse is a song from what album recording
www.freebase.com/m/016j83	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/03rt9	Where did the irish war of independence take place?
www.freebase.com/m/016jfw	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	What kind of music does barry gibb play
www.freebase.com/m/064q8s_	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where is st barnabas church, chester located?
www.freebase.com/m/038rxj	www.freebase.com/music/genre/parent_genre	www.freebase.com/m/016jny	What genre includes paisley underground
www.freebase.com/m/0cf6x4	www.freebase.com/book/author/book_editions_published	www.freebase.com/m/04vr5pk	What is a book by joe mcginniss that was published?
www.freebase.com/m/0bpgx	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/06c3jq	What's a high school in massachusetts 
www.freebase.com/m/03nn_l5	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release is 24-7-365?
www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbited_by	www.freebase.com/m/043r0w9	what near earth asteroid orbits the  sun
www.freebase.com/m/0hnq4vt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	What is the profession of cliff hall
www.freebase.com/m/0l1591g	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/032rqmn	What was a release from fracture
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0f_gcxw	What is the name of Jack DeJohnrette's album?
www.freebase.com/m/04lfy19	www.freebase.com/education/school/lowest_grade_taught	www.freebase.com/m/042_90	what is the lowest grade taught at caesar rodney high school?
www.freebase.com/m/067mj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0_0m6_	What's a song by phish
www.freebase.com/m/0bkf4	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_kfdvm	What is an example of a song by Bob marley?
www.freebase.com/m/04c1g4p	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07z1m	what state is natural bridge station in
www.freebase.com/m/025t479	www.freebase.com/government/government_agency/provides_service	www.freebase.com/m/01jwvm	what service does louisiana national guard provide 
www.freebase.com/m/0mssw3r	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fxzk_1	What album was daybreak released from
www.freebase.com/m/0c_5hp	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0fydw	Where did thomas willeboirts bosschaert die
www.freebase.com/m/0brynrj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016clz	what type of music does dave rees make 
www.freebase.com/m/0fbhx0z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01ksvz2	What band recorded the song star
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03m9rmt	name an american artist born in the united states 
www.freebase.com/m/02jlks	www.freebase.com/common/topic/subject_of	www.freebase.com/m/05szyd4	What's a company that specializes in professional diving
www.freebase.com/m/0_sklcv	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which nation filmed violet
www.freebase.com/m/0gg924_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	the last assyrians is a film that features what language?
www.freebase.com/m/0hgn_92	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/01nln	what is the nation to which yann songoo belongs
www.freebase.com/m/01k9vjl	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the type of release of earth a.d. / wolfs blood / evilive?
www.freebase.com/m/0k1bs	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02k84w	what instrument did jerry garcia play
www.freebase.com/m/05vt6cz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was mike aquilina birthed in
www.freebase.com/m/0kymd74	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/067gh	What platform is portal 2 available on?
www.freebase.com/m/02ljb	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02y0js	what caused edward jenner to die
www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06zll_s	what is a crime fiction film?
www.freebase.com/m/01rq8g	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0j3q9ld	what is daniel johnston's father's name
www.freebase.com/m/026gtb2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02knxy9	for what subject was vaishnavism known for
www.freebase.com/m/057787	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/06rp01	what schools have single-sex education?
www.freebase.com/m/0d1pc	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/027xq7k	Who is a woman with the profession of model (person)?
www.freebase.com/m/0rhcm88	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is gut wrenching fear
www.freebase.com/m/05qfh	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t0dv3	List a literary work from the psychology genre
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtnhs	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/routes	www.freebase.com/m/04n7nt2	where can sweet potato 0.1 injectable solution be injected 
www.freebase.com/m/047pzmk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06cvj	what kind of film is hannah takes the stairs?
www.freebase.com/m/0vzfwj	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03zn7jx	In which album is venus featured on
www.freebase.com/m/04jhhq5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	what kind of musician is jamie brooks
www.freebase.com/m/03y1j39	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_discovery/discovery_site	www.freebase.com/m/03y4yx	At what site was 8872 ebenum discovered?
www.freebase.com/m/04zw7r	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0ftrtd	Which county is in central province?
www.freebase.com/m/01qpgm	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04mts8	What did caryl churchill write?
www.freebase.com/m/0zfg46t	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of movie is intimate parts
www.freebase.com/m/0lgy4zr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0371chq	what was kansas city released on
www.freebase.com/m/02bmm1s	www.freebase.com/type/content/media_type	www.freebase.com/m/08x8	what format does painted turtle have
www.freebase.com/m/039ffcb	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0m_lhw	what track came from the release  evil heat
www.freebase.com/m/01jkrdh	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01jkr11	which album is created by bloodgood
www.freebase.com/m/04852ds	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0kzsc	which county is austin subdivision a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0_rjk__	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/082db	who is the artist that recorded miei signori, tutto e fatto?
www.freebase.com/m/01zf83	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07nf6	Where is saalfeld-rudolstadt located
www.freebase.com/m/03043xp	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0r8m8c	What is a song on the release fears?
www.freebase.com/m/01kznw	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0d6yv	Where did herbert spencer die?
www.freebase.com/m/07cdxdh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	in what country did mars rising originate
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03wcgnc	What is the name of a mystery movie on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/04whk4x	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	what is the subject of the book the persian gulf war
www.freebase.com/m/0kvc1p	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/07fy77	Who directed the movie thumbsucker
www.freebase.com/m/0fph_l	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/014bv8d	What band wrote steve jablonsky
www.freebase.com/m/03qqyzr	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0197s6	what art genre best describes composition viii (the cow)
www.freebase.com/m/04glsf0	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/042vnx	where did karl august, prince of waldeck and pyrmont die
www.freebase.com/m/0zj_bcq	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/02x43q	Who was the composer of w.e.s.s.e.x.y.?
www.freebase.com/m/06gst	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01n44c	Who is an artist  signed by rca records?
www.freebase.com/m/03d09th	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what type of film is two-gun gussie
www.freebase.com/m/0f3kl	www.freebase.com/medicine/symptom/symptom_of	www.freebase.com/m/024c2	what infection involves diarrhea
www.freebase.com/m/04tsgfh	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/01d41l	who was the author and editor of the book edition the adventure of the impromptu mountaineer
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtfh1	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is chloroquine phosphate
www.freebase.com/m/01jr5w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is andrew toney's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0g1ck_	Who is a notable figure that was born in buenos aires
www.freebase.com/m/06v8jn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/059_c	which state is nevada state route 375 located 
www.freebase.com/m/0807clv	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0snty	Where did the artist phallus Über alles originate
www.freebase.com/m/02s__b	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wgjk7	What is the name of a book written by robert dilts
www.freebase.com/m/080p11v	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vs499	which artist recorded graduated fool 
www.freebase.com/m/0489c52	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0l2sr	Which county is the manteca junction located in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gn2nm	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h5tysy	Who was the custom designer for the the ladies man (2000 film)?
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0bh9z73	who is a defender
www.freebase.com/m/0h5ykd	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/place_founded	www.freebase.com/m/01b8jj	where is virgin australia holdings founded
www.freebase.com/m/02z2mry	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04qyvf	what artist is under alam el phan record label
www.freebase.com/m/05psm8	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/036y11	who is  naresuan university named after
www.freebase.com/m/03c5439	www.freebase.com/architecture/museum/type_of_museum	www.freebase.com/m/0hhbr	is the grohmann museum an art gallery or science museum 
www.freebase.com/m/02rn6c_	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01tccv	what was the location of elizabeth stuart's death
www.freebase.com/m/0j248hv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What kind of film is the price of victory?
www.freebase.com/m/0bf9ttp	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how was the end of silence released 
www.freebase.com/m/03j92xd	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0m1lx9p	what is a track released from b the magpie
www.freebase.com/m/0dt63k8	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04xrx	who was the artist of honey (so so def mix)
www.freebase.com/m/02q6r1h	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06q1r	in which country was the recording of mr beast filmed
www.freebase.com/m/0dgw9r	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/02s3ff	who is a fictional human character from the television series Angel
www.freebase.com/m/0498qyy	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrd	What state is riviera isle in
www.freebase.com/m/091fl4t	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/042xh	who created the fictional character kevin whitby
www.freebase.com/m/04jccz_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	who is hakan toker
www.freebase.com/m/0lbj1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0ff64gb	what collection album is attributed to sting 
www.freebase.com/m/0_j3cjc	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	what is restless heart 
www.freebase.com/m/0f9z45z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/canonical_version	www.freebase.com/m/010y9ny	what is the canonical version of the recording santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/01jrg1n	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type did objects of desire have?
www.freebase.com/m/031fsz	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_division/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0kvfggt	what is a team in the division i (ncaa)?
www.freebase.com/m/053bd1x	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0blbd	Where did the 1922 british mount everest expedition take place
www.freebase.com/m/0bwm172	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/019_rr	what kinds of tv program is born diva
www.freebase.com/m/0gjcs5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bzty	what region is the city of piazzatorre  in
www.freebase.com/m/0crwyjv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is the grand role?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cjc8_l	What is the title of a netflix musical film?
www.freebase.com/m/0yb_7sk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05j5wk	Who is the artist that released evolution
www.freebase.com/m/08djtg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0498y	which city contains quicksand
www.freebase.com/m/0b11l3	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/0380fw	what episode is written by rebecca rand kirshner
www.freebase.com/m/0ds7zbt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	Where was the cherries and clover filmed?
www.freebase.com/m/014cnc	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/027c81g	what is the name of a student in Hollyoaks
www.freebase.com/m/0d24zd	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/081pw	what war was ralph elihu becker part of
www.freebase.com/m/07c52	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0g14wp	Name a television Netflix genre.
www.freebase.com/m/03gzjqr	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02p0szs	what kind of book is the devil in velvet
www.freebase.com/m/06zhfn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is sung in don't bother me
www.freebase.com/m/04x9b0	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/07kgpww	What film did james gleason contribute too?
www.freebase.com/m/0gcytt0	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05g3hj	Where was tv director maciej dutkiewicz born?
www.freebase.com/m/04wb9ss	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07gvx	what is the subject of the book the religions of china?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrvlt	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4_x	What is an active ingredient in ciclesonide 80 metered aerosol?
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/02q4rn3	Name a screenwriter
www.freebase.com/m/0gf18g	www.freebase.com/film/film/soundtrack	www.freebase.com/m/03fxy4f	what was the soundtrack for employee of the month (2006 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0gyrv2l	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0d8qb	what did grover lewis do for a living
www.freebase.com/m/019sc	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_coat_color/dog_breeds	www.freebase.com/m/04fzvx	which dog breed has black coat color
www.freebase.com/m/02wytg4	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	what is the genre of the music album soulfully live in the city of angels?
www.freebase.com/m/0nfv4t7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kinds of movie is franklin d. roosevelt speech
www.freebase.com/m/02x69jv	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/018vs	what instrument is played by ian burden
www.freebase.com/m/0606s5	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what nation does jane reece pledge allegiance to
www.freebase.com/m/0bjsc	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/01bkdq	what's one of the brothers grimm's famous fairy tales
www.freebase.com/m/02qxcdq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0g9k4	from what town in South West England is nick hewer
www.freebase.com/m/02y5fm	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04rvy8	which cinematographer produced oliver twist?
www.freebase.com/m/02ctzb	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/ethnicity_in_fiction/characters_of_this_ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/02qwjh	who is of caucasian race in babylon 5
www.freebase.com/m/085q0w	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of show is big thinkers?
www.freebase.com/m/04gjdf7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/025g__	what musical genre is the album best of kat-tun
www.freebase.com/m/0247g88	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03h_6zn	What artist recorded radiation?
www.freebase.com/m/0gd_3kx	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	what format does let england shake support
www.freebase.com/m/07kfdc9	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is julia strachey's place of death?
www.freebase.com/m/0263s0v	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/05s_x80	who was a founder of vii photo agency
www.freebase.com/m/0btwts	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0yf0y4x	what song is by peter breiner?
www.freebase.com/m/03jgqz9	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what was the release type of maldoror is dead
www.freebase.com/m/012vkbr	www.freebase.com/music/single/versions	www.freebase.com/m/0fsq2j1	What is a song version of texas?
www.freebase.com/m/01rm1tx	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0l14md	what instrument does bob drake know how to play?
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs0987	what is the name of a mystery from 1970
www.freebase.com/m/0c27z8	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/01ctvk	Where did gosannen war take place
www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0j50pb6	Name a screenwriter.
www.freebase.com/m/0gybdj4	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/082fr	in what country was polizei filmed
www.freebase.com/m/01rt4xt	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is egyptian magician
www.freebase.com/m/03d261q	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What is the genre of technotise: edit & i?
www.freebase.com/m/0ldlqx0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/0ldlqzy	what is the tv series big ideas that changed the world - season 1 about
www.freebase.com/m/0rkzhh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/023pdf	Who is the artist from the recording round my family tree
www.freebase.com/m/035100	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/country	www.freebase.com/m/016wzw	what country is cusco region located 
www.freebase.com/m/056lq_h	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/0342h	what instrument does mark matejka play 
www.freebase.com/m/03cf4z6	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	What is hd 218155?
www.freebase.com/m/0k_wj3q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0mkznt	which recordings contain the track sylvia?
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t1twc	what's is a published example of fiction
www.freebase.com/m/06_j35h	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/0f447	What is the architectural style of the trinity episcopal church?
www.freebase.com/m/03h25nz	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/location	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	Wher eis the brazil national ice hockey team based
www.freebase.com/m/0f0_t60	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03wc88q	who is the artist of the recording abstract art
www.freebase.com/m/01n3l_n	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is the release type of frantic romantic
www.freebase.com/m/01dcxd	www.freebase.com/theater/play/characters	www.freebase.com/m/0j135gg	what is a character in the boy friend
www.freebase.com/m/0410tth	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0ch2vpw	What's a motorsport movie on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04f4lxh	Who is a notable baseball player
www.freebase.com/m/03c0sv3	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of charles kent?
www.freebase.com/m/04q_g	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0gm8h4	what cities are in lazio
www.freebase.com/m/0dl7nzg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/051_y	How did william carroll die?
www.freebase.com/m/04c38s	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_ingredient_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtt51	what is the active drug ingredient in common daisy?
www.freebase.com/m/0_hp1bh	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02vy11	what was the lyricist for going thru the motions?
www.freebase.com/m/03jb4yd	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the format in which rainbow was released?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqrf4f	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0308wb	what's the active ingredient in an amiodarone hydrochloride 50 injectable solution
www.freebase.com/m/014d3g	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/drug_class	www.freebase.com/m/0y09	WHat drug class is ibuprofen
www.freebase.com/m/0ckt6	www.freebase.com/film/film/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0fzyg	What is the main subject of the film airplane!
www.freebase.com/m/01pv8nb	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0ft_s8h	what songs have elvis jackson recorded?
www.freebase.com/m/0dcqh	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/people	www.freebase.com/m/0g9q60h	who is someone who has died of multiple sclerosis
www.freebase.com/m/0_w9hts	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender specification of nuttapong tangkasam
www.freebase.com/m/08j3j2	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/04107	who wrote the story for la perla?
www.freebase.com/m/0kxbc	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/025xj_9	what lyrics did billie joe armstrong write?
www.freebase.com/m/04957pv	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0p4j1	What city is deslatte in
www.freebase.com/m/0283cvt	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What is henry longhurst's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/01k22b8	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	is the terror state punk rock or classical
www.freebase.com/m/0gj10s	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	Which time zone is olgiate comasco located in
www.freebase.com/m/0djb2pp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/06nm1	what genre is amor y venganza under?
www.freebase.com/m/04wb9ws	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/026wp	what subject is the corporation nation book about
www.freebase.com/m/0y8slls	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0y8sll7	What is a track that pacifist is a recording of?
www.freebase.com/m/062sj3	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	what country is emilie snethlage from
www.freebase.com/m/0glp61w	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	what language is spoken in 404
www.freebase.com/m/02r37hk	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	where is the location of miami lakes educational center?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2sv2q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mfhzgh	what is a song on the album jukebox hits of 1960, volume 1
www.freebase.com/m/0hfjk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0gnwc4	what is a 1970's western (genre) show
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv94r	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01b86_	what is the legal status of no7 time resisting day sunscreen spf 12
www.freebase.com/m/03t1sm	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01wy6	what instrument does joe lovano play
www.freebase.com/m/0h19fh	www.freebase.com/zoos/zoo/exhibits	www.freebase.com/m/0h_q8zm	what is one of the exhibits in the woburn safari park
www.freebase.com/m/04tjt4d	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/018wtc	where was richard h. cutting  born 
www.freebase.com/m/012_6t	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/041rx	what ethnicity is bruno walter
www.freebase.com/m/06x2ldj	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/0438pz	who directed the tv show viking bikers from hell
www.freebase.com/m/0f_xwh	www.freebase.com/education/school/school_district	www.freebase.com/m/07mw4b	What school district is countryside high school in?
www.freebase.com/m/0bytfv	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/0sxjs	what films did ann roth design costumes for
www.freebase.com/m/0sh2ws_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the release format of  super 8
www.freebase.com/m/04jkln2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release was hot! live and otherwise?
www.freebase.com/m/043kx11	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What type of release is 15 anos?
www.freebase.com/m/07tf64	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/0jnh	which war included battle of bound brook
www.freebase.com/m/0f447	www.freebase.com/architecture/architectural_style/examples	www.freebase.com/m/043phk0	what are some examples of a gothic architecture church?
www.freebase.com/m/0_6h4rb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of reed luplau
www.freebase.com/m/0fq8f	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02x4kh_	What is an attraction is luxembourg (city)
www.freebase.com/m/0g68lm	www.freebase.com/biology/domesticated_animal/breeds	www.freebase.com/m/01g19s	which is an example of a breed of beef cattle?
www.freebase.com/m/031mt7	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01fbr2	what type of music does mal waldron play
www.freebase.com/m/0_k71p4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrncs	who wrote the song black diamond bay
www.freebase.com/m/0rytjkj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03_d0	What type of musical album is surging ahead?
www.freebase.com/m/04v26md	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/023qgj	who wrote the book north and south (north and south trilogy, book 1)
www.freebase.com/m/0415jn8	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01c3q	What instrument does rex liu play
www.freebase.com/m/0mzj_	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wct2n	What is a book that deals with military topics
www.freebase.com/m/02h664x	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0kg1cyw	what is the name of a professional basketball player?
www.freebase.com/m/03hnb3m	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0pl4fhv	who produced lumo
www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03cjzqr	Name one of the townships in indiana
www.freebase.com/m/011k6_	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/04djs3	what is el greco named after?
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/02pv5t	what is a village in united kingdom?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4j8n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was edward lyons born in europe
www.freebase.com/m/03yl3cv	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	around which main star does 10864 yamagatashi move
www.freebase.com/m/072twv	www.freebase.com/film/film_art_director/films_art_directed	www.freebase.com/m/09pgfws	which films did cedric gibbons art direct
www.freebase.com/m/04cbtx2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nrqx2	What is gothika
www.freebase.com/m/0bbw_lj	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is ben duala ekoko's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1m00	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what country was treasure of the amazon filmed
www.freebase.com/m/06pr6	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03k2dm	Who is a notable person that was born in saint petersburg
www.freebase.com/m/01nggf9	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016ybr	what genre is the album repercussion?
www.freebase.com/m/0wcvy8b	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0m073g	who recorded the track count on me?
www.freebase.com/m/05fjf	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0zjb7f0	what is in new jersey
www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	www.freebase.com/music/instrument/instrumentalists	www.freebase.com/m/07mxcz	Who uses a drum kit?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqsqdv	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02kgj6	What is the active ingredient in octinoxate 81.64 lotion?
www.freebase.com/m/01ly5m	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0y64f59	who was born in buenos aires
www.freebase.com/m/026bqmf	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01mxly	who was parc jean-drapeau named after 
www.freebase.com/m/0hnd9xw	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jmwg	What genre of music is off the album soccerstar
www.freebase.com/m/0nn2d6z	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03f25x8	What musician recorded the song miss america
www.freebase.com/m/0w_f5zf	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is sugarbush hill in?
www.freebase.com/m/03y7_wq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 3228 pire orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/05djlhv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_season/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05djlkj	what episode can be found in cosby - season 1
www.freebase.com/m/07z6rx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02vnz	what are themes in no comebacks
www.freebase.com/m/0fv2780	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mqtq43	what track list is found in the release sphinctour
www.freebase.com/m/026ypxv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what is the genre for the film chavit
www.freebase.com/m/0hqxf	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h_95j4	what is a 2012 family film 
www.freebase.com/m/03f_2ns	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01zm6_	Who is the artist of the album the rough guide to manu dibango?
www.freebase.com/m/043kpp5	www.freebase.com/base/cinemainspector/person_sign/star_sign	www.freebase.com/m/07bn_4	what is kathleen teresa scott's astrology sign
www.freebase.com/m/0j_1qfy	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/0dmfr	who wrote the book theophilus north
www.freebase.com/m/0262rg_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0h7h6	which city is kamau from
www.freebase.com/m/0bmcl3_	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/048n7	what conflict was francis william farrell involved in
www.freebase.com/m/03dr7	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_species/characters_of_this_species	www.freebase.com/m/0bg660z	Who's a character that's classified as a genie
www.freebase.com/m/03qn9px	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/082fr	what country is chained heat from?
www.freebase.com/m/01kt8t	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/024bs4	who's one of the people born in amherst
www.freebase.com/m/077k8wt	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what kind of movie is all animals
www.freebase.com/m/0492_q3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is cedar spring located
www.freebase.com/m/0ch1jhh	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/028c_8	What position did the baseball player harry barton play
www.freebase.com/m/0g5r5gy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/053k78	which label is maurycy stefanowicz signed to
www.freebase.com/m/0kz0_t3	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01swdw	who was the developer of super power league fx
www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xrm9	what is the name of a fiction 1992 book
www.freebase.com/m/02q946v	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	Where was akhmed avdorkhanov born
www.freebase.com/m/02q946v	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is akhmed avdorkhanov's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cs11ms	what's a 2005 romance film
www.freebase.com/m/08_qsb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02k94r	which district in essex is belchamp otten in
www.freebase.com/m/0j8q27m	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What genre of film is ibrahim labyad?
www.freebase.com/m/0crt7xj	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0fs6x5	what is the netflix genre that el caballito volador is in
www.freebase.com/m/0dzrb3	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ps8c	what was the place of birth of hendrik willem bakhuis roozeboom
www.freebase.com/m/02813rm	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/012w70	Which language was fighting for love filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/06_knwn	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0mpgp	where is nathan allen house located?
www.freebase.com/m/01jmc1	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/04y5fxf	What is the name of a song that dinosaur jr. wrote the lyrics for
www.freebase.com/m/0crtdzl	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0233qs	what is the genre of las guanábanas 
www.freebase.com/m/0f752b	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/012vby	Who produced the movie the great garrick?
www.freebase.com/m/0181lj	www.freebase.com/film/music_contributor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0cgq4gd	What film did caetano veloso contribute to
www.freebase.com/m/03y83d3	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does 24697 rastrelli orbit?
www.freebase.com/m/01mgw	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_festivals	www.freebase.com/m/0kfhd87	What film festival incorporated crouching tiger, hidden dragon
www.freebase.com/m/08lpkq	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/05zy5kf	What is the name of Nat King Cole's jazz album?
www.freebase.com/m/02z8_zx	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music does marina handri make 
www.freebase.com/m/0r1gyx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0xsk8	who is the artist of the recording under the influence (jes grew)?
www.freebase.com/m/08h0cp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/0l12d	who wrote the lyrics for this must be the place (naive melody) 
www.freebase.com/m/0bxxzb	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was i spy made in
www.freebase.com/m/0jzmdv2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0n1h	what is hanne passer's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/05t58b	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01m976	where did og mandino die?
www.freebase.com/m/06jk70	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/04n3l	long island press  circulates in what city
www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0cv1sv	Name a composer who was born in united kingdom
www.freebase.com/m/02t5sz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f05tf	What is an attraction in raipur district
www.freebase.com/m/05d_vs	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is the mating season spoken in?
www.freebase.com/m/05p69h5	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0gmkn	where was joe tortolano given birth at?
www.freebase.com/m/020mfr	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/0d53n7	What is the name of a Japanese game industry?
www.freebase.com/m/048pk1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What genre is the film the door in the floor on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/01lj04q	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In which format did christina milian release music?
www.freebase.com/m/0kypx07	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	what type of game is zen nippon pro wrestling
www.freebase.com/m/0wl21b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0rr_y18	Name a track off the musical recording california.
www.freebase.com/m/04lj9yr	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	What gameplay modes are offered for the game geon
www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/08gn4_	Who is a nu metal artist?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtm4k	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/legal_status	www.freebase.com/m/01_7r6	Is combipatch a prescription or over the counter drug
www.freebase.com/m/040jkvv	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/developer	www.freebase.com/m/08rzhl	who developed the game bear bovver
www.freebase.com/m/0gmlrvf	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0k6nt	which country is mads heldtberg from 
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03wbs1n	what bollywood Tamil film was released in 2004 
www.freebase.com/m/01qs76	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hll7g	what is a game played on n-gage?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0wc_c	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0l1vnf	what country is opopomoz from
www.freebase.com/m/0qw9f	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	which time zone is west helena in 
www.freebase.com/m/0hzmwbr	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/07_my	what group of people were involved in the siege of paris
www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/054jclw	what's a mystery written by charles sauer
www.freebase.com/m/03md93l	www.freebase.com/broadcast/broadcast/area_served	www.freebase.com/m/0rrwt	wtmy is a broadcast that serves what area?
www.freebase.com/m/03hn94b	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What nation is marius stravinsky from?
www.freebase.com/m/04w3h5g	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/03wbvh	who is the author of winter tennis
www.freebase.com/m/0178d6	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/04y9gld	What is the name of a composition by billy ocean
www.freebase.com/m/04hr2d	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/09b3v	what company did sponsor the homeward bound: the incredible journey movie
www.freebase.com/m/06n90	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/09v58d	what is a science fiction book?
www.freebase.com/m/0bnm5rd	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	what type of material was used to paint portrait of raymond radiguet 
www.freebase.com/m/038w4l	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vm3rs	Name an artist under rso records record label
www.freebase.com/m/04t0jz6	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/031_br	who is the author for the written work  thanksgiving cd
www.freebase.com/m/02wx7g9	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kr_	where is  françois baby house contained
www.freebase.com/m/0k17t9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	What is wayne crawford notable for
www.freebase.com/m/020zhc	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bx6211	What films has abel gance edited
www.freebase.com/m/04cyfz2	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02_6n0_	what is drew fickett most known for in sports?
www.freebase.com/m/0270k0y	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what genre is between two worlds
www.freebase.com/m/01wvp9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggx5q	What genre of music are the pussycat dolls?
www.freebase.com/m/0vl9h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0fcrg	which place in the netherlands contains eersel?
www.freebase.com/m/02z4fcs	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	What type of architecture was used to make the tower hotel
www.freebase.com/m/05p6g1m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	what kind of music does kinghorse perform
www.freebase.com/m/026_bsy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rft3	graham beckel  was born where
www.freebase.com/m/0693l	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/03bxrfl	what film did quentin tarantino direct
www.freebase.com/m/03cd0x	www.freebase.com/film/film/story_by	www.freebase.com/m/04808mh	who inspired catwoman (film)
www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdyg0	Name a book focused on the history subject
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0c3yzr0	What is the name of a rock music album
www.freebase.com/m/02683_w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what is craig mcaughtrie's position in football
www.freebase.com/m/07_nf	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/02z785g	Name a military personnel involved in the vietnam war.
www.freebase.com/m/0853q5	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xryvt	what is bill johnson's job?
www.freebase.com/m/0h46q4	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	What sort of rock does the flames write
www.freebase.com/m/04tt3dr	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/binding	www.freebase.com/m/01jm4n	what type of book binding is unter null.
www.freebase.com/m/03f342v	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0r4ccb0	who is crystal kay's parent
www.freebase.com/m/04_1ss	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02knxzt	what is amos
www.freebase.com/m/0gzld3	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	whats language is battlefield earth written in
www.freebase.com/m/03bdc42	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lw13b6	what is a track on lazy sunday 3 
www.freebase.com/m/02vgh	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbw63	What is some content created by electric light orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/081yw	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03y0mcs	Name a location in washington (u.s. state)
www.freebase.com/m/02hwsbn	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/03ryn	In which country is the katingan language spoken?
www.freebase.com/m/013yq	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0jwr66k	Name someone who was born in atlanta
www.freebase.com/m/01rb4_g	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/07bryt	Who is the artist of the album christmas with the harvard glee club?
www.freebase.com/m/04htfv	www.freebase.com/theater/theater_choreographer/plays_choreographed	www.freebase.com/m/0ygxzjb	what plays have susan stroman choreographed?
www.freebase.com/m/01l3xp7	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	what kind of album is auftritt
www.freebase.com/m/03w6sj	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/059z0	what is the name of a country that was involved in the western desert campaign?
www.freebase.com/m/03mb9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/027pbx8	What's an example of a house music album
www.freebase.com/m/02rn8x2	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01g5v	What is the school color of our lady of the hills high school?
www.freebase.com/m/08qc6x	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/previous_episode	www.freebase.com/m/07d8t7	what episode aired before intervention (buffy the vampire slayer)
www.freebase.com/m/0g_b8_l	www.freebase.com/common/licensed_object/license	www.freebase.com/m/05smz	Which license does bufo periglenes2 have
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0nhg5pj	what compilation album did frank zappa release?
www.freebase.com/m/03mqgd	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01v8c	where was michaele schreyer born at?
www.freebase.com/m/064m90	www.freebase.com/book/newspaper/circulation_areas	www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	where is rocky mountain news distributed at?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt7r8	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/02zlxs	what is the active ingredient of quinidine gluconate
www.freebase.com/m/034zzxc	www.freebase.com/music/release/producers	www.freebase.com/m/03f0fnk	Who was the producer for the raven?
www.freebase.com/m/09q5wl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is astro farm in
www.freebase.com/m/0j37y7d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/016zwt	What is bikash malal's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/06nsr5s	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	what surface was portrait of mother jeronima de la fuente painted on
www.freebase.com/m/04sqlx	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	What is james hasty known for being
www.freebase.com/m/07l50fn	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03rjj	What country released little girl originally?
www.freebase.com/m/07s6c7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of  ralph hoffmann
www.freebase.com/m/06bm2	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04w7579	What's a book about recreation
www.freebase.com/m/070c4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/0kyrlmd	what is a super nintendo entertainment system 
www.freebase.com/m/0jb8_46	www.freebase.com/music/composition/form	www.freebase.com/m/074ft	What form of music is wish them well
www.freebase.com/m/09zzzt	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/09l65	What is Kate Elliott's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0288qn8	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/01fxfk	who writes a film called the taking of pelham one two three
www.freebase.com/m/0f75zl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05dlwz2	Name an episode of three sheets
www.freebase.com/m/02qvz	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug/marketed_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqsgv2	What is a marketed formulation of ethanol
www.freebase.com/m/0x67	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/05nf1x0	who is a famous  african american
www.freebase.com/m/069yl	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/01z747	what is a game that features quake 
www.freebase.com/m/03q2n2h	www.freebase.com/digicams/digital_camera/supported_storage_types	www.freebase.com/m/01tthm	Name a supported storage type of the casio exilim ex-z5.
www.freebase.com/m/02z4g5z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of glenn watkins?
www.freebase.com/m/0qtnn	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/027n2x4	Which former mayor of Minden was born in batesville?
www.freebase.com/m/02rj6y6	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03115z	what east asian language is spoken in love message?
www.freebase.com/m/03mhwz2	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/095w_	what country did princess isabella of croÿ  die in
www.freebase.com/m/0fqcps	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h665k	which sports profession does shad meier play as?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvbg4	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	What type of film is Pokemon: Adventures on the Orange Islands III?
www.freebase.com/m/0q2lw0h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what kind of film is the secret of trees
www.freebase.com/m/07ffwk	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/02k76g	Who directed the episode the train job?
www.freebase.com/m/04xqrkp	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0521nx3	who is the publisher of peace manoeuvres?
www.freebase.com/m/01jh5vt	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/015_30	Who released the album classics the early years
www.freebase.com/m/0xhtw	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02x2pm6	what is an album in the hard rock genre?
www.freebase.com/m/0svqs	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/02q94m6	who is the child of sean astin
www.freebase.com/m/0124n3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/08v12s	Where can south uist be found?
www.freebase.com/m/04w9kps	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What is the genre of smoke and mirrors?
www.freebase.com/m/05jxkf	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/06492p	what is a known public university
www.freebase.com/m/018dz0	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/03yw5gp	what is  salami
www.freebase.com/m/04f_7_g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04xvlr	what kind of film is blue hill avenue
www.freebase.com/m/0frs6sl	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mpdf_c	what track is from the release one million things?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkrbt	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/0fvgwg	who manufactured bicalutamide 50 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/046569g	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	What kind of film is 3 américas?
www.freebase.com/m/02r6r3s	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country released wittgenstein (film)
www.freebase.com/m/01dcdz	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0bvc2_l	what is a film title produced by youssef chahine
www.freebase.com/m/04t3fft	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	What genre is outward bound
www.freebase.com/m/06w447c	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	What genre of music is chino & nacho
www.freebase.com/m/0f9kbr4	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	What type of album is get crazy - original motion picture soundtrack?
www.freebase.com/m/02dw1_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/016tf59	Name a track recorded by the incredible string band.
www.freebase.com/m/06vw6v	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03jlgx6	what is an example of a studio album?
www.freebase.com/m/0dl5d	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01l8fkq	which album is of the progressive rock genre
www.freebase.com/m/0gdn7sq	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	which capital city was tamara ustinov born in 
www.freebase.com/m/0gx26bl	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01nbf5q	Who created listen now
www.freebase.com/m/01wj17	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02q8764	what canadian ice hockey player was born in  kamloops
www.freebase.com/m/01n7xmg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what is get it together
www.freebase.com/m/07jy28	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fky	which state is wild rice river located in
www.freebase.com/m/0bfp_j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is nathaniel silsbee from
www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0crxvgy	Name a documentary film. 
www.freebase.com/m/053nlrs	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/05b3ts	what position does dextor clinkscale play in american football 
www.freebase.com/m/01lwn8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/0gg4n_g	What's an album from ladytron
www.freebase.com/m/0wyzsm1	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	what country did iss pyaar ko kya naam doon?...ek baar phir originate from
www.freebase.com/m/01hdhvs	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0bk1p	who is the artist of the album  the bbc sessions
www.freebase.com/m/0j27bzt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	what tv genre is fashion king
www.freebase.com/m/01h_mc	www.freebase.com/base/argumentmaps/innovator/original_ideas	www.freebase.com/m/0hpbp	what is an original idea from john grinder
www.freebase.com/m/01sqd7	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0dnfm0	Who is an artist under the label maverick records?
www.freebase.com/m/06zprg5	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/025t7ly	What religion does elliott cresson practice?
www.freebase.com/m/01w8n89	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	What type of music does buckethead play
www.freebase.com/m/08j86d	www.freebase.com/aviation/aircraft_model/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/02byd_	who is the manufacturer of arado ar 67?
www.freebase.com/m/022b4h	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0195vc	who was born in chełmno
www.freebase.com/m/01nwd9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xpjyz	What type of establishment is the general mitchell international airport
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0sk4n6h	what is the name of a compilation album made in 2005
www.freebase.com/m/03cd9fy	www.freebase.com/time/event/includes_event	www.freebase.com/m/08w47n	What was a famous battle in the maccabean revolt?
www.freebase.com/m/0gtw0ft	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	what genre is the artist cape philharmonic orchestra
www.freebase.com/m/016r1tl	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03791gp	what is a release on the recording freestyle
www.freebase.com/m/07_hy	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/incompatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03cc8dv	what ingredient can not be had in veganism?
www.freebase.com/m/0drmym	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09blyk	what kind of movie is the chasing sleep
www.freebase.com/m/04w2j43	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is a child's book of true crime
www.freebase.com/m/016fr_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/02q30k	isometric projection is a cvg genre for this video game.
www.freebase.com/m/01rdd83	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0781g	what type of music does mechanical poet play
www.freebase.com/m/0dgrmp	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/071t_r	who is a goalkeeper?
www.freebase.com/m/08tbjw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what's dan harris's profession
www.freebase.com/m/0fvvz	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team_location/teams	www.freebase.com/m/0d0rmrp	what sports team is in baton rouge, louisiana
www.freebase.com/m/08h8qj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	what type of fiction is the ivory trail
www.freebase.com/m/026psmv	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is my fighting gentleman featured in
www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/05brym3	What is a notable event that took place in washington, d.c.
www.freebase.com/m/0g_xg	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/0cz61	whom did gunter grass influence
www.freebase.com/m/051pnv	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/02p71tm	what industry does aspyr media belong to
www.freebase.com/m/0sxqg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rn8q	what is josé ferrer's place of death in florida?
www.freebase.com/m/01jjn7q	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0cx7f	what is the music genre of soundtracks for the blind?
www.freebase.com/m/05npqn	www.freebase.com/architecture/building_function/buildings	www.freebase.com/m/02667rk	what's a prominent theater located in vancouver, british columbia
www.freebase.com/m/0g2pnxf	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d0vqn	What country produced the album heal my violence
www.freebase.com/m/04kjbl	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01jpw9p	What duo is signed to minit records?
www.freebase.com/m/06dxsg	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/014ck4	where in the world is wafangdian
www.freebase.com/m/02n16	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0ncx1	Where was elizabeth garrett anderson born
www.freebase.com/m/02rbh2y	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What kind of film is tramp, tramp, tramp?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1_77	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0lsxr	what type of movie is zatoichi meets yojimbo
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j2w50	what is an example of a netflix drama?
www.freebase.com/m/0g7szm3	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02n64t	What artist wrote the track desperado?
www.freebase.com/m/0g1vhf_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is georgia 
www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01ls6yx	what is a post-punk album by and also the trees
www.freebase.com/m/0fjz2n	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05148p4	what instrument does ralphsantolla play 
www.freebase.com/m/07c72	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/06hkd7	what is an episode of the simpsons?
www.freebase.com/m/0f46y_t	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0154j	Where was face to face - fever released?
www.freebase.com/m/023tsk	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/artworks	www.freebase.com/m/052mx7y	What type of artwork has thomas cole made?
www.freebase.com/m/0z4vzyv	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0_j1841	What track is represented by the recording of sri lanka
www.freebase.com/m/03cr2lb	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of nancy condee
www.freebase.com/m/0hqryjx	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/03bxlz	what are some of the active ingredients in ketoconazole 20 suspension shampoo?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8q8g	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/011j5x	what kind of music is lobão 
www.freebase.com/m/026zy4q	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08jyyk	What is the genre of music the danny bourgeois creates
www.freebase.com/m/03fsmcw	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	What format was the golden afternoon released in?
www.freebase.com/m/04wdjtw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	What was the teller of tales written about?
www.freebase.com/m/012bnlz	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/03r7kj	Who recorded zillionaire?
www.freebase.com/m/0bx_2k5	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/041f35	which musician created nightmare
www.freebase.com/m/03jy9d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_administration_route/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv7gx	Name a topical cream that contains zinc.
www.freebase.com/m/03wdnyh	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0c_f_h	Who's ricardo lagos weber's father
www.freebase.com/m/0564q0	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01y2mq	what kind of music does lil' scrappy make?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbhb16	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/0bbgvh5	what book is from california
www.freebase.com/m/08qkpq	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/03_3d	What country does gohatto take place?
www.freebase.com/m/0cv0xf	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	Which genre of music is the devildriver
www.freebase.com/m/0n4fj	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04b61fw	What does Craven County, North Carolina contain?
www.freebase.com/m/02xb2	www.freebase.com/base/events/type_of_festival/recurring_festivals_of_this_type	www.freebase.com/m/0287f0z	what film festival is recurring?
www.freebase.com/m/01ljnj5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0bld8	Where did wojciech kilar die
www.freebase.com/m/04j07z0	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is the final inquiry from?
www.freebase.com/m/02wtfl	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is gregory t. linteris from
www.freebase.com/m/02c_mv	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04t1w9v	What is a book written by rudolf arnheim
www.freebase.com/m/01v1g_r	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/0181dw	What label is andy russell under
www.freebase.com/m/0b34qp	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is  donovan arp's gender
www.freebase.com/m/047bzm0	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	what is patrik lomski's football position
www.freebase.com/m/03q6nhl	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/05wkw	what art form describes portrait of john wilkes booth
www.freebase.com/m/04b2xw	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0f1hr	what does alice mcdermott do for a living?
www.freebase.com/m/047f5q_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0mnwd	Where in the united states is chris eldridge born in?
www.freebase.com/m/09gkr44	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	which football position is gilles cioni charged of
www.freebase.com/m/04n32	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/015m5cc	louis armstrong wrote what track
www.freebase.com/m/020wft	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02h6_6p	where in the world did kurt eichhorn's life begin
www.freebase.com/m/023n6	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/0cmwbd	what organization was founded by chuck smith?
www.freebase.com/m/02wzbsp	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/025698c	who is germán rivera
www.freebase.com/m/0c6bl2l	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what is ulrike mascher's nationality 
www.freebase.com/m/01kkxsr	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what type of album was all the stuff (and more), volume 2
www.freebase.com/m/0jthg	www.freebase.com/location/location/partially_containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0ddbn9y	Where is connacht
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0gk9gp	What is a location in the central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/010fvm	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0jcgs	where is south salt lake, utah located 
www.freebase.com/m/01br3b	www.freebase.com/people/cause_of_death/parent_cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/02k6hp	what would be the parent cause of death in a coronary artery bypass surgery
www.freebase.com/m/066zr2	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/017drs	What position did jeff blauser play?
www.freebase.com/m/0643r_9	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	what sort of movie is the art of being straight
www.freebase.com/m/04wv4h	www.freebase.com/computer/software/license	www.freebase.com/m/02w1yc	Which license is required for lightning?
www.freebase.com/m/01vx18k	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/0n90z	Where did dillinja come from
www.freebase.com/m/05255z_	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/01bzr4	Who produced angel puss
www.freebase.com/m/05dgnws	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/01my4f	who is the writer for the series truly, madly, deeply?
www.freebase.com/m/01v03x	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqt7ll	What medicine has menthol in it
www.freebase.com/m/07kjhy2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01w613	what genre is the tv program kids are people too
www.freebase.com/m/07tdj8	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is clyde wiegand's nationality? 
www.freebase.com/m/06r2wc	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	Where was Michael Whitney Straight born?
www.freebase.com/m/0kzsc	www.freebase.com/location/us_county/county_seat	www.freebase.com/m/0qc7l	which is the county seat of tuscaloosa county?
www.freebase.com/m/02w62jr	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/013w2r	which band produced the album styx yesterday & today
www.freebase.com/m/012s1d	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	in what north american country was spider-man (film) filmed
www.freebase.com/m/04b00x4	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	south butler is a city in which northern state?
www.freebase.com/m/0glp9nl	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	in what country was what play did  born
www.freebase.com/m/0414_f5	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/country_of_origin	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where is the show chanelle: wannabe popstar from
www.freebase.com/m/06znpv0	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_format	www.freebase.com/m/0cj16	the september issue was produced in what film format?
www.freebase.com/m/01wq01t	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/02hnl	what instrument did jim shapiro play?
www.freebase.com/m/0gbqk0v	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	where was its all in the fingers filmed? 
www.freebase.com/m/0740hw	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/06fvc	what are the colors for the christian academy of louisville
www.freebase.com/m/0431_d	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_ingredient/active_moiety_of_formulation	www.freebase.com/m/0hqv5qm	which form is griseofulvin taken 
www.freebase.com/m/0ghlkj_	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xrzlb	what is turkey 
www.freebase.com/m/02rpd_6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	What sort of movie is 12:01
www.freebase.com/m/02z2qr5	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	where did patrick nash pass away 
www.freebase.com/m/0gksgl	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of john leboutillier?
www.freebase.com/m/04j3417	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0qdzd	body puzzle is considered a part of what genre?
www.freebase.com/m/05b3mwq	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/06b1q	which position did rodney landers in american football
www.freebase.com/m/03ymcf2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01lx4rx	What artist made wae's me for prince charlie
www.freebase.com/m/0dtbyl4	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what is the release type of soul
www.freebase.com/m/0glpl6g	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is s. v. venkatraman male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0bqjqx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06z5s	What was the cause of marie mcdonald's death?
www.freebase.com/m/0b0_6m	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	What country was confessions of a window cleaner shot in
www.freebase.com/m/04s_2k	www.freebase.com/location/administrative_division/second_level_division_of	www.freebase.com/m/04_1l2q	which division is skúvoy a branch of
www.freebase.com/m/04fk3nh	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0jkvj	which olympic event held women's volleyball
www.freebase.com/m/0266kj0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what kind of book is a house like a lotus
www.freebase.com/m/0wbj_nx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02y9wq	what part of new zealand was richard torrance born in?
www.freebase.com/m/01m1zk	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0ghjbq	What is a neighborhood in the city of stamford
www.freebase.com/m/09ncns	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/059j2	where is hans segers from
www.freebase.com/m/02w4v	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01lx4rx	what is the name of a band that plays folk music
www.freebase.com/m/0bhh3_j	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	which country is heart of my heart from
www.freebase.com/m/02x3klr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what film genre is sinbad: beyond the veil of mists?
www.freebase.com/m/02pqbg	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/causes	www.freebase.com/m/014x04	what causes marasmus?
www.freebase.com/m/074ft	www.freebase.com/music/compositional_form/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zlr0s_	What's an example of a song
www.freebase.com/m/04n5hrs	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	What is the genre of the movie cousin wilbur?
www.freebase.com/m/08phg9	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_set_decoration_by	www.freebase.com/m/09xd6cn	who was in charge of the film set on star trek
www.freebase.com/m/03c7__g	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/02pnp2q	What is calcium glucoheptonate used to treat
www.freebase.com/m/0tqgf2_	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0q5jd54	which record is part of kim
www.freebase.com/m/0bc1bmq	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0flddp	who produced the movie sonny
www.freebase.com/m/017fzy	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/0cfxzf	what is a book written by michel houellebecq
www.freebase.com/m/03m8wwb	www.freebase.com/martial_arts/martial_artist/martial_art	www.freebase.com/m/01cgz	brian oshea performs what type of martial art
www.freebase.com/m/02pml15	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what type of film is vandanam
www.freebase.com/m/01v9k_2	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04_zbj	clodagh rodgers was born in what town
www.freebase.com/m/09x6fb	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0tkcj	What's a neighborhood in baton rouge, la metropolitan statistical area
www.freebase.com/m/0ntjd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/03hh14g	what does dubois county, indiana contain
www.freebase.com/m/09cws	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/locations	www.freebase.com/m/026gbl	Where is mars located?
www.freebase.com/m/080hs9	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/05cgy8	who did the cinematography for the film timecode
www.freebase.com/m/0d0xjc	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01tjvv	where did stella sigcau bite the dust
www.freebase.com/m/0v737	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0njmt	what county is reading in?
www.freebase.com/m/0tkxtf2	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is alaina irizarry from
www.freebase.com/m/0hqqlw_	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country is night time cherry pseudo-free 500/15/6.25 liquid available in 
www.freebase.com/m/01tk4c_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01wqlc	whats the genre of music that the artist willie \\"the lion\\" smith makes
www.freebase.com/m/014dfn	www.freebase.com/media_common/literary_genre/books_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05qhmzx	whats the name of a speculative fiction
www.freebase.com/m/0bs8yhh	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07733f	which company published super scribblenauts 
www.freebase.com/m/09pmkv	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0211kz	Name one of Malaysia's thirteen states that lies on the western coast of the Peninsula and south of Kuala Lumpur 
www.freebase.com/m/027gp0z	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	what is a position that muhamad kaironnisam sahabudin hussain plays
www.freebase.com/m/02hxhcd	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/language_family	www.freebase.com/m/05f46	what language family is the ibuoro language from 
www.freebase.com/m/0508w_	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/040s798	what is the name of the video game by banpresto released in 2007
www.freebase.com/m/0550nt	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/09dp3q	who did bronzino influence
www.freebase.com/m/07s9q_m	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/06dx0w	Who wrote opening day of close-up?
www.freebase.com/m/03hlt7r	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/012m_	what is the nationality of karol piegza?
www.freebase.com/m/0f19d5w	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0mblfy	what track is from the release  bad
www.freebase.com/m/0wsd0_z	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/03shp	what nation is mazyar fallahi from
www.freebase.com/m/0c7n351	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/04wbyt2	whats the original title of the book edition elizabeth taylor
www.freebase.com/m/0c4036h	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/071x0k	which ethnicity is mercito gesta a member of
www.freebase.com/m/0l7r7	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04n7jdv	What genre of music is buy now... saved later?
www.freebase.com/m/0jxz29f	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is matt mitchell male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0jt9hfy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0162b	what country is in amar jaan amar pran
www.freebase.com/m/01vsxz3	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/0kjh	What pop band got its name from anni-frid lyngstad
www.freebase.com/m/0clw5cb	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0f2rq	where is argosy university-dallas
www.freebase.com/m/0gxm2mg	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is in the film dik
www.freebase.com/m/0crspxx	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/01chg	what is the genre of the netflix show wagah?
www.freebase.com/m/02qk3tl	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01yjfd	kunio maekawa's architectural style is this.
www.freebase.com/m/0wy9h83	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of riley james ferguson?
www.freebase.com/m/01jjv_t	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was elodia released in
www.freebase.com/m/09v0zq_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is john lafarge, jr.?
www.freebase.com/m/0nhd41	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04r1t	who is the artist of the recording santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/02z2qrj	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/02gn9g	Who created the character futurist
www.freebase.com/m/01t9q00	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kxw28	What is an album created by the artist sammy fain
www.freebase.com/m/05b3mjc	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/03k50	What language is spoken in the film khoon ki pukaar
www.freebase.com/m/0ylftx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01pwbhv	who recorded hard times
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0ssx6	This Iowa city falls in the north american central time zone.
www.freebase.com/m/04w4l10	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	what is the subject of waffen-ss soldier
www.freebase.com/m/0hqv6x3	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/drug_category	www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	what is the category of potassium acetate?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0cr_j0b	What is the name of a horror title on netflix
www.freebase.com/m/06n1_0	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language was it takes a thief filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0_6tntg	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01nmxhv	who was  the composer on gimme the car
www.freebase.com/m/0lmb2wr	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0388w9m	What album features the song cherry
www.freebase.com/m/0q7qk	www.freebase.com/people/family_member/family	www.freebase.com/m/029997	Which family is carl xvi gustaf of sweden part of?
www.freebase.com/m/0808gl9	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	what kind of movie is touch of death
www.freebase.com/m/05bszd1	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_universe/characters	www.freebase.com/m/04bsc	what character lives in the fictional universe of  the muppet show universe
www.freebase.com/m/0zt90	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mwtm	what country is treasure lake located?
www.freebase.com/m/05827t	www.freebase.com/user/szaijan/fantasy_football/player/nfl_team	www.freebase.com/m/02896	What nfl team is julius jones belongs to
www.freebase.com/m/0hqldn_	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	What is the color of day time cough non drowsy 15 liquid
www.freebase.com/m/049_zj3	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/04rrx	what state is  polaski located in
www.freebase.com/m/0278hb7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in jefftowne
www.freebase.com/m/010phd7	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01t_ppj	Which artist recorded o holy night
www.freebase.com/m/0jznj0t	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0pmq2	where was david steinberg born 
www.freebase.com/m/0jwrf6s	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0q34g	Where was harold theobald 
www.freebase.com/m/04j1trv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05r6t	what film genre is johnny thunders: what about me 
www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0g74gp	What is an animation program
www.freebase.com/m/01z83f	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/01667p	Which company produced kind hearts and coronets
www.freebase.com/m/01_0wlr	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02xry	which US state is redington shores in 
www.freebase.com/m/0f6cscj	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0174nj	what format is last exit in
www.freebase.com/m/03233dt	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/012nmfg	what is a track released from dj luck & mc neat present... iii
www.freebase.com/m/0glyy5	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/033th	what kind of a game is nosferatu: the wrath of malachi?
www.freebase.com/m/0jx46	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0hhsqnv	who was born in tychy?
www.freebase.com/m/0fx8k5g	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fx8k6r	what is a the track off ocean
www.freebase.com/m/06yb7rl	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/01ft3c	what series was the episode anne heche on 
www.freebase.com/m/0c03l48	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is paul brucher biologically male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03gvk09	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/02vjzr	What type of music does krgy station play?
www.freebase.com/m/03g64q	www.freebase.com/people/family/members	www.freebase.com/m/01b6nb	who is a Scottish politician member of the house of balliol  
www.freebase.com/m/03mdss	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03npn	What genre is fiend without a face
www.freebase.com/m/0frz0	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/07s3rnz	Name an economist. 
www.freebase.com/m/09_cm8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01cl2y	which label represents the artist roger chapman
www.freebase.com/m/01__4k	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/hubs	www.freebase.com/m/023sgf	what's one of the hubs for luxair
www.freebase.com/m/0ynm73j	www.freebase.com/music/album/featured_artists	www.freebase.com/m/0dt1cm	who is an artist involved in find us 
www.freebase.com/m/0g34yn	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0j5g9	Where is gillian elisa from
www.freebase.com/m/01g7yvq	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/06by7	what music would mostly accurately be found on ass seen on tv
www.freebase.com/m/0ds17k9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	is ruby day female or male
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/09gng_j	what's the name of an album by boris the sprinkler
www.freebase.com/m/0h010_	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film kill the moonlight from
www.freebase.com/m/07mrmgy	www.freebase.com/olympics/olympic_event/olympic_games_contested	www.freebase.com/m/0lbd9	which olympic games were contested for men's freestyle wrestling, heavyweight +87?
www.freebase.com/m/016b7y1	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01q33gv	who is the artist of tomorrow
www.freebase.com/m/04mvybh	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What kind of film is speed dating
www.freebase.com/m/0fr6pj	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is the nationality of tony gwynn, jr.
www.freebase.com/m/058g6_	www.freebase.com/base/bioventurist/bv_medical_condition/company_involved	www.freebase.com/m/03w63w	What company is involved with mycosis
www.freebase.com/m/05cpv4v	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/support	www.freebase.com/m/0jmpt	the rhinemaidens  is done on what artwork support
www.freebase.com/m/026mj	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/0cymj7	What's a tourist destination in delaware
www.freebase.com/m/0ryj06h	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04vg8	where was michaël polomat born
www.freebase.com/m/0gkgsy	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01lsnl	where did stephanie colosse originate from
www.freebase.com/m/05d1y_	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03xy26x	What's an album made by louis xiv
www.freebase.com/m/0wgm5	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	What time zone is Troy Township?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqpwnz	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/0jc_p	What is the color of aviane 28 day 0.1/0.02 kit
www.freebase.com/m/04t3_4j	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c3351	what book genre is white shark?
www.freebase.com/m/0hpsqpg	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/platform	www.freebase.com/m/02x8rd	which handheld system was puyo puyo!! 20th anniversary released on
www.freebase.com/m/0286wk9	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what kind of album is subliminal sessions 6?
www.freebase.com/m/02vtq29	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0yy6k	what state is joseph w. baldwin house in?
www.freebase.com/m/015w9s	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/05zzvw4	what is a television movie film adaptation 
www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/0mcv7	What is the name of a famous street near the Sienne river in  paris?
www.freebase.com/m/03cc8y2	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/06b_j	what language is russian translation in 
www.freebase.com/m/01ph618	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv1m	who is baby bash
www.freebase.com/m/01wrpf	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01zxmp	Who's a general born in komae, tokyo
www.freebase.com/m/06400_w	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is aerial acres?
www.freebase.com/m/01gbcf	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/03g3ysf	what is a math rock album?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqs_sg	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/0h1yf	what is the active component of ob metab
www.freebase.com/m/0nnr1rx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/04gmrsb	what group is the author of indiana
www.freebase.com/m/0dx3zh	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22f9	what type of film is snake eater?
www.freebase.com/m/01n8hp	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0cq22jn	Which netflix genre is space jam in?
www.freebase.com/m/025rzfr	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/03yt18	Who created the character varnae
www.freebase.com/m/0h38bx	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/038hg	what are the school colors of oliver wendell holmes high school?
www.freebase.com/m/0k0s4v6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0lnfy	Where was gbenga bareehu ashafa born?
www.freebase.com/m/0f2f2j	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/01xljrf	What is rufus alexander notable for?
www.freebase.com/m/06h_5	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01kxjj2	Name an album from The Righteous Brothers.
www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/02phk3t	what are locations that have the north american central time zone
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0ch54wp	what asteroid was discovered in solar system in 1998?
www.freebase.com/m/0x0nzrp	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01ldmhg	Who is the composer of addicted to you?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_g3yb	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is m. prabhu known for
www.freebase.com/m/01ym9b	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01p8g0d	What is a downtempo album title?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6d9h_	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what kind of release was a good texan: live?
www.freebase.com/m/0d8_wk	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is barbara baynton's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0h3rk9w	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	which genre does hundredth play in
www.freebase.com/m/0gdl0s3	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/028sgq	What was jason horgan's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0_j6n5q	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/049b20	who is the composer of she was
www.freebase.com/m/09l65	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/01wsc1f	whats the name of a female singer
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01t182z	What's a jazz album
www.freebase.com/m/0_jsmwm	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/01sbc7x	Who is the composer of all good things
www.freebase.com/m/050c0	www.freebase.com/comic_strips/comic_strip/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05p553	what is the genre of the comic strip megatokyo
www.freebase.com/m/04whqn1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/045jj	What is the subject of the economics of private law?
www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object_category/objects	www.freebase.com/m/03y3_rd	which asteroid was discovered in 2000?
www.freebase.com/m/0brymc7	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	how is at the museum of modern art released as?
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/04bsgz	who is film producer
www.freebase.com/m/03v0t	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/048_hg3	What is contained in Illinois?
www.freebase.com/m/0cxql7	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language is the show north and south in
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0b77l7z	Name someone who plays the defender position in football
www.freebase.com/m/0znqnmt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	would you classify janine lamanna as male or female
www.freebase.com/m/05dq89b	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/writer	www.freebase.com/m/02pkn1b	who is the writer of viva las vegas
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt0b9	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/025rs2z	what is the active ingredient in sad soother
www.freebase.com/m/077lc8k	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	What is nathan gilliss's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0bhbm6	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/035dk	where was dorinda hafner born
www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	www.freebase.com/film/film_location/featured_in_films	www.freebase.com/m/0czy_l	what is in oregon
www.freebase.com/m/01qbg5	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/017fp	what genre in netflix is gia
www.freebase.com/m/0gmfp7m	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is the nationality of tara parker-pope
www.freebase.com/m/03_lq5	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0bbdbb7	What's a piece of music written by jacques dutronc
www.freebase.com/m/0gmc9yb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/07g0_	where is rutger castricum's place of birth
www.freebase.com/m/01k0xy	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_production_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/0987bnk	Who designed the film production for the film american wedding
www.freebase.com/m/04b9xps	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05fjy	Were is cerro located?
www.freebase.com/m/0bs7l_v	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/0b73y9	who is a bollywood actor who belongs to pakistani people
www.freebase.com/m/040zr4	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	where did jacques-laurent agasse die?
www.freebase.com/m/037xw3	www.freebase.com/user/patrick/default_domain/tagged_topic/tags	www.freebase.com/m/04ffz5	what group was samuel irving rosenman apart of? 
www.freebase.com/m/0c58k	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/symptoms	www.freebase.com/m/04kl78	what is a symptom of diabetes mellitus?
www.freebase.com/m/01x4r3	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/02z84_t	who was influenced by lewis black
www.freebase.com/m/0bgbr98	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0jsg3d	what is rafael castanedo known for 
www.freebase.com/m/02r031q	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02p80d	where was kamilou daouda's place of birth?
www.freebase.com/m/01nycg3	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gc55x	What radio station plays music from alvin youngblood hart?
www.freebase.com/m/0jnmj	www.freebase.com/user/rcheramy/default_domain/hockey_team/head_coach	www.freebase.com/m/030nvl	who is the head coach of  edmonton oilers
www.freebase.com/m/0cf417	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_dosage_form/formulations_available_in_this_form	www.freebase.com/m/0hqtbrf	what formula is available in the form of a lotion?
www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	www.freebase.com/cvg/gameplay_mode/games_with_this_mode	www.freebase.com/m/06d331	Name a game that you can play in single-player
www.freebase.com/m/09_pqm	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of movie is white valentine
www.freebase.com/m/03fsm81	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was colourslide released in 
www.freebase.com/m/079xxp	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0f2tj	which state was arthel neville born
www.freebase.com/m/0q8qg0q	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0gbj99m	which album is night a song on 
www.freebase.com/m/02_dtl	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0j1gkcx	What is burgdorf, switzerland's adminitrative type
www.freebase.com/m/0h3vx5l	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What type of celestial object is (21019) 1988 vc2
www.freebase.com/m/09cb5z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is yeshiva college (yeshiva university) in?
www.freebase.com/m/0y_1xp1	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/02822	What is the subject of hello and goodbye?
www.freebase.com/m/0cj_w1	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0206f5	where was david daker born
www.freebase.com/m/04t4m1g	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	what kind of book is the road to damascus
www.freebase.com/m/03j6py1	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What is the format of zurück zur werbung?
www.freebase.com/m/02vq86n	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is david mackey male or female
www.freebase.com/m/03gq98z	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/school_type	www.freebase.com/m/02dk5q	what type of school is ernest righetti high school
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0jxpsk1	What is the name of a drug
www.freebase.com/m/048n7	www.freebase.com/military/military_conflict/military_personnel_involved	www.freebase.com/m/018q79	which military personnel was involved in the korean war
www.freebase.com/m/03fzc0r	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	summer songs 2000 was what type of album type
www.freebase.com/m/0c38gj	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_casting_director	www.freebase.com/m/098hx1y	who was the casting director for blood diamond
www.freebase.com/m/01wqflx	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0_jw0d_	eddie vedder is the composer of what musical composition?
www.freebase.com/m/0bq7gw	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04tw4vf	what is an edition of parable of the talents?
www.freebase.com/m/0_f3sxf	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language was used in the film when we lived in miami
www.freebase.com/m/02w9qjs	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/gameplay_modes	www.freebase.com/m/02hjn4	What is a gameplay mode that can be played on trioncube
www.freebase.com/m/04jmlwt	www.freebase.com/american_football/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/08k7jn	what does phil bogle play 
www.freebase.com/m/041z1gp	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/producer	www.freebase.com/m/0c0sl	who produces npr: wait wait... dont tell me! podcast
www.freebase.com/m/05f46	www.freebase.com/language/language_family/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02hwpdh	which language is part of the niger–congo languages
www.freebase.com/m/09cmhl	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04w4k7l	what book was written by eric jerome dickey
www.freebase.com/m/0cn_1rs	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013t73	What city was nick wood born?
www.freebase.com/m/0mfkr_t	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0f33hb9	what is the release track on ben
www.freebase.com/m/0g048cg	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/series	www.freebase.com/m/047d4bz	which reality show is ladies night a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0284g9z	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0bd67	what bigger area is krzyż wielkopolski in
www.freebase.com/m/06by7	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0277yl4	who is a rock music singer
www.freebase.com/m/04tzwmg	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/author_editor	www.freebase.com/m/02nlps	Who was the author editor of sandworms of dune
www.freebase.com/m/0cc86_0	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system contains 25370 karenfletch
www.freebase.com/m/0kvxkrt	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is James Brown's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0qzj3qk	Name a film producer.
www.freebase.com/m/03hfttz	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/versions	www.freebase.com/m/040q7v_	What's a version of fatal fury special
www.freebase.com/m/01qb6qd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0vxk4l	what is a song by the john benjamin band
www.freebase.com/m/037s5h	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05psqs4	Who is the mother of lee majors?
www.freebase.com/m/0slhqgm	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what format was anarchy online original soundtrack released on?
www.freebase.com/m/01qmz	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/01y8m1	Who influenced Charles Babbage?
www.freebase.com/m/0vyv6m	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0nrhd71	what are song of the hummer album
www.freebase.com/m/05zh_24	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	What football position id liu yibing play
www.freebase.com/m/02z1c0w	www.freebase.com/symbols/name_source/namesakes	www.freebase.com/m/01lnd3	what was named after george a. fuller 
www.freebase.com/m/09kx_8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/016zxr	what kind of music does aqua (band) play
www.freebase.com/m/03fht9v	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	how was damage released
www.freebase.com/m/03y7tww	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	in what star system is the body 2960 ohtaki found
www.freebase.com/m/0m7v_2t	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/04cj_0k	what is the name of the album that contains the track gambia?
www.freebase.com/m/04rj42	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/make	www.freebase.com/m/035nm	holden suburban was designed by which automaker? 
www.freebase.com/m/01jzwr2	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What musical format was navigator released as
www.freebase.com/m/03qqy2g	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0gct_	who created the music (sketch)?
www.freebase.com/m/04wfysj	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0xdf	what kind of book is tales of the austral tropics?
www.freebase.com/m/0271gq1	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/0ky_710	what is a game developed by philos laboratories
www.freebase.com/m/02r2v35	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02kdv5l	what kind of movie is doberman deka
www.freebase.com/m/0345mr	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	Which architectural style is the basilica of santa croce, florence built in 
www.freebase.com/m/01l8317	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0lgm5	which artist released monkism?
www.freebase.com/m/03179q_	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	What physical format is who fucked the dj? available in
www.freebase.com/m/01vl0c7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is max greger's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/058xz5	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/03ch25v	Name a station that plays the classic hits
www.freebase.com/m/07d5tc	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/0vg8	which industry is united breweries group associated with
www.freebase.com/m/012j01	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	which country is cantley based in
www.freebase.com/m/027jgvr	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/01mf0	what industry is sonoma wire works part of
www.freebase.com/m/0cwng1	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02h664g	What is jake wade's profession
www.freebase.com/m/05yp1dk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/03d0j5	What release includes the recording red
www.freebase.com/m/0r5db0f	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	what is the profession of daoud farani
www.freebase.com/m/024dgj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0d_cgkt	What is a track by chris martin?
www.freebase.com/m/04j1cyg	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is used in soccer days
www.freebase.com/m/07_lq	www.freebase.com/food/dietary_restriction/compatible_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/02cvpn	what food is typically served with vegetarian cuisine
www.freebase.com/m/02pk49v	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/051kv	what christian denomination does waggoner carr practice
www.freebase.com/m/05b27w2	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What is the genre of the album Čarolija?
www.freebase.com/m/01cvng	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what is the genre of the artist orbital 
www.freebase.com/m/0119drk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/039rln6	Name a band that released dance music
www.freebase.com/m/0qkdyf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0l41__t	What's the title track off of birthday girl
www.freebase.com/m/04jkf5t	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	which position in football does christian backs play as?
www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system/planetary_system	www.freebase.com/m/0411q90	what is the planetary system located in the solar system?
www.freebase.com/m/0mr1bvy	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0fvf0gb	what is the title track on the hudson river
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0fqh2h	What's inside the united states
www.freebase.com/m/0hh7yn0	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is robert mcminn male or female
www.freebase.com/m/0265rzk	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0wpyp6d	Who is a parent of pierre de fermat?
www.freebase.com/m/08l3vq	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02hqb47	what is terrible trio
www.freebase.com/m/05kxcp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is shoestring in?
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hnmbw	What's a drama film released in 1961
www.freebase.com/m/05vhbd	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g39h	In what state is west end located?
www.freebase.com/m/0ktzdks	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/031szd_	what album is madrid a part of
www.freebase.com/m/0gdc1v	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/serves_area	www.freebase.com/m/0f2w0	what city has the station kcyy
www.freebase.com/m/027bnfk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0nmf74n	What is the name of a track by plies
www.freebase.com/m/04gj2d5	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the gender of  zak thompson
www.freebase.com/m/0bv62	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is langston hughes from
www.freebase.com/m/02689rc	www.freebase.com/time/event/included_in_event	www.freebase.com/m/022840	which event included the chickamauga wars (1776–1794)?
www.freebase.com/m/03gbwgq	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/02vd_p	What's an artist on klth
www.freebase.com/m/0crxp8y	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0jtdp	what type of film is  mario bava: maestro of the macabre
www.freebase.com/m/0225z1	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_publisher/games_published	www.freebase.com/m/073qbv	What's a game published by eidos interactive
www.freebase.com/m/02w587b	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/species	www.freebase.com/m/0bt9lr	what is k-9 looney tune
www.freebase.com/m/0mjm8c9	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fcldxl	What is a release on the release track babylon?
www.freebase.com/m/0cl6z16	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0fj9f	what profession does ronald reagan have
www.freebase.com/m/0lqzh	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	What genre is growing pains considered
www.freebase.com/m/011_cgf	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05l5sr	Who recorded bad boy's been around the world remix
www.freebase.com/m/06c6l	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0bxy6z	What's a peak in the rocky mountains
www.freebase.com/m/05vzgzt	www.freebase.com/organization/organization_founder/organizations_founded	www.freebase.com/m/09gzxv	what foundation did julia hill create 
www.freebase.com/m/05fc60s	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/treatments	www.freebase.com/m/04kh_7p	How can cerebral infarction be treated
www.freebase.com/m/0w50k	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is the hendricks township located
www.freebase.com/m/06w1vyz	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	what position does jim walsh jim walsh play
www.freebase.com/m/0qf11	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01mhqy5	whats an album by rod stewart
www.freebase.com/m/05xd7t	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/founders	www.freebase.com/m/0_hhqyx	Name a founder from the alabama power company.
www.freebase.com/m/0d0w2n	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02nzb8	What football position does eugen polanski play?
www.freebase.com/m/04t36	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06hp_8	Name a 2005 musical film 
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0603hj	what's the name of that 1993 sean connery drama film
www.freebase.com/m/0f0v6d	www.freebase.com/sports/sports_team/sport	www.freebase.com/m/06br8	what sport does the team cis play
www.freebase.com/m/06fmpf	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country was up! released?
www.freebase.com/m/0myxbjv	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0dyc7hj	which record is part of drowning
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0drwmw9	Who is a notable pitcher
www.freebase.com/m/027hvf7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/06ngk	What is iota crucis?
www.freebase.com/m/01w11dy	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/01vsl3_	which beatles member is lennon murphy named after?
www.freebase.com/m/03rk0	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/0f6jsz	Name a location in india
www.freebase.com/m/0crzms1	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05qdh	what kind of movie is landmarks of western art: the baroque
www.freebase.com/m/0w1vrwz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/09lmb	what genre is the tv program stuntbusters
www.freebase.com/m/02hm1w0	www.freebase.com/cvg/game_version/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/025txrl	which company published the game freedom force vs. the third reich
www.freebase.com/m/03hgg09	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	whats the nationality of  rudy carpenter
www.freebase.com/m/02tx6q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0h7q_gq	Name one audio engineer you are familiar with
www.freebase.com/m/02vn4fj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05jt_	what style of music does mrhjeffreynothing perform
www.freebase.com/m/0_bzq	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/042d1	Who was monroe township named after?
www.freebase.com/m/04bhjx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04p3w	What kind of cancer killed bonita granville
www.freebase.com/m/0n48nds	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03p7rp	What kind of music is discoveries?
www.freebase.com/m/088r61	www.freebase.com/film/cinematographer/film	www.freebase.com/m/0cvkv5	what film is jose luis alcaine credited with cinematography
www.freebase.com/m/085wwt	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/06ncr	what instrument does john helliwell play
www.freebase.com/m/05b82r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/02ly_	where is fingringhoe located
www.freebase.com/m/04v7xbs	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/0c4sd5	who published thuvia, maid of mars
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0n5wsfq	Who's a director born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/0l3h	www.freebase.com/location/country/administrative_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/03_nkp	What is an administrative division of antigua and barbuda
www.freebase.com/m/03_jr7	www.freebase.com/astronomy/astronomical_observatory/discoveries	www.freebase.com/m/0h68n48	what did the siding spring observatory discover
www.freebase.com/m/04f_y73	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/01sjng	what kind of video game is bandits: phoenix rising
www.freebase.com/m/010s5y5	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mtwkmx	What's a song from brothers in arms
www.freebase.com/m/02jvd9	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/07q1v4	who did the music for the afterglow fil,
www.freebase.com/m/0_jl_y1	www.freebase.com/music/composition/composer	www.freebase.com/m/0gcs9	who is the composer of when you're alone
www.freebase.com/m/0czrnr	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/region	www.freebase.com/m/0dg3n1	where is the susu language spoken
www.freebase.com/m/02_286	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/04kc57	which person was born in new york city
www.freebase.com/m/09g8mwr	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0pc7r	where was richard t. antoun born
www.freebase.com/m/03bxxjw	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/018w8	What game genre best describes nba live 08
www.freebase.com/m/04wdc88	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/0h_m	What a subject touched on by ghosts of the titanic
www.freebase.com/m/04cv18r	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0g_z0b	what county is  mysłakowo located in 
www.freebase.com/m/0_rhdn_	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is gerald o'brien's gender
www.freebase.com/m/01fhry	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is john muir?
www.freebase.com/m/03npn	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/06jdll	whats the title of a cvg horror genre
www.freebase.com/m/04lf2q1	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jwt	What music genre does the continuum hypothesis fall under?
www.freebase.com/m/01rnn2r	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02z7f3	what kind of music genre is the rising tide of oblivion
www.freebase.com/m/027ww2k	www.freebase.com/government/governmental_body/component_bodies	www.freebase.com/m/09gqcx6	whats a component of the superior courts
www.freebase.com/m/01zmpg	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gbxdm	What content of music is jermaine jackson known for?
www.freebase.com/m/06jqf6	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/powers_or_abilities	www.freebase.com/m/01515d	what is the power of captain nazi
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/07sc5lt	what is a short film?
www.freebase.com/m/0w3ykbv	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/06c62	Where did piero pierotti take his last breath
www.freebase.com/m/0312n_	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/05kkq7	Who was the father of randy orton
www.freebase.com/m/0kydglj	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/037540p	which song is part of black
www.freebase.com/m/04dxx7r	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/place_of_publication	www.freebase.com/m/02_286	where was the book the true game published
www.freebase.com/m/0cfvd	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	what language is the stranger in 
www.freebase.com/m/0vybkd6	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what biological sex is david danello
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01kr28m	pop music can claim which album?
www.freebase.com/m/0ryb5r_	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/01d_h8	what does kevin lee miller do for a living÷
www.freebase.com/m/0sl6s7p	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/053yx	who is the main artist of the album ?
www.freebase.com/m/016z5x	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/02p_m3	who was the writer of the movie chaplin
www.freebase.com/m/09zj95	www.freebase.com/film/producer/film	www.freebase.com/m/083t7l	what is the tittle of the movie produced by richard franklin
www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	www.freebase.com/music/album_content_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01gk3_k	what is the name of a compilation album 
www.freebase.com/m/01pc5ck	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/01c7h99	what is a track by crispy?
www.freebase.com/m/0b5jyv	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/05r5c	Which instrument did stefano bollani excel at
www.freebase.com/m/02qqb12	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what gender is adam wilson
www.freebase.com/m/07chjzp	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hcr	what kind of tv genre was the program  k.o. beast
www.freebase.com/m/02rss7w	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/colors	www.freebase.com/m/01l849	what color is the educational institution mordialloc secondary college
www.freebase.com/m/0c40c2k	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/0c8wxp	what religion does paul lepage practice
www.freebase.com/m/03xtmtg	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where was munroe released?
www.freebase.com/m/02rw302	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the program spaceballs: the animated series in
www.freebase.com/m/06nmqz	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01ls2	which country was lucio españa born
www.freebase.com/m/0vsnxzt	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	what type of program is amnesia?
www.freebase.com/m/0cryp37	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07yjb	what is the netflix genre of blood wars
www.freebase.com/m/09tjtcv	www.freebase.com/film/editor/film	www.freebase.com/m/0df92l	To what film is Long Cheng credited as the editor?
www.freebase.com/m/02k1pr	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what kind of film is the poseidon adventure
www.freebase.com/m/027bzg7	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03k9fj	what type of film is cruise of the jasper b
www.freebase.com/m/05sgsh	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0r00l	where was rod beck born
www.freebase.com/m/04whvzp	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02n4kr	What type of literary genre is bone walker?
www.freebase.com/m/04phzg	www.freebase.com/finance/currency/countries_used	www.freebase.com/m/02k54	what country uses egyptian pound as currency
www.freebase.com/m/0ggbbmy	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02l7c8	which genre is the film my valentine girls 
www.freebase.com/m/0bdzrd	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/04kqk	who published the computer game lego star wars ii
www.freebase.com/m/0gksxg8	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/06qd3	where is the movie originally from
www.freebase.com/m/04y6zbd	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01jfsb	what type of film is february 29
www.freebase.com/m/02st0w	www.freebase.com/music/album/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fmvbkw	what was released from the album dangerous?
www.freebase.com/m/070c4	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/05t7rtm	what game can be played on the super nintendo entertainment system
www.freebase.com/m/021f0j	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_burial	www.freebase.com/m/02x1vcv	What cemetery was richard s. ewell buried at
www.freebase.com/m/059kh	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01hqpn	What would be labeled new wave music
www.freebase.com/m/0kkc8fk	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star/constellation	www.freebase.com/m/01wll	what is the constellation that the star alpha crucis b is in?
www.freebase.com/m/01wf83m	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	What genre of music does bern elliott & the fenmen create
www.freebase.com/m/01k6gly	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	What release type was the very best of ray price
www.freebase.com/m/03wdtll	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/02jx1	mark thomas is a national of what country?
www.freebase.com/m/0_637kn	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	is the girl who used to be composed in spanish or the english language
www.freebase.com/m/01fhq69	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05_ncl	Who is the artist that created the album 54 guitar greats
www.freebase.com/m/081nl9	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0crpf8t	st vincent college is a notable what?
www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0289ymg	What is the title of a comedy-drama tv program?
www.freebase.com/m/02_dtl	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0gvrzqr	Who's a city planner born in burgdorf, switzerland
www.freebase.com/m/011hdn	www.freebase.com/music/lyricist/lyrics_written	www.freebase.com/m/0gp4t1	what is a song written by alice cooper
www.freebase.com/m/0799q2	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/011yl_	what films has scott hicks directed
www.freebase.com/m/0_syj9l	www.freebase.com/user/micahsaul/advertising/ad_campaign/advertiser	www.freebase.com/m/03phgz	who is the advertiser for the campaign the cheering truck?
www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	www.freebase.com/time/time_zone/locations_in_this_time_zone	www.freebase.com/m/0g9_mx	What place in Italy falls in the central european time zone?
www.freebase.com/m/02bdsn	www.freebase.com/geography/island_group/islands_in_group	www.freebase.com/m/073pk	what island is within the greater sunda islands
www.freebase.com/m/0dj9_2r	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was play: us against the world made and distributed in
www.freebase.com/m/0494vm6	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nn4b	In what county within the U.S. is wooton located?
www.freebase.com/m/011k11	www.freebase.com/music/record_label/artist	www.freebase.com/m/09gfxzk	Name an artist featured on decca records
www.freebase.com/m/0wttt5t	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0rt8ks	what is the release track on sonny
www.freebase.com/m/0fb70w	www.freebase.com/music/composition/lyricist	www.freebase.com/m/02cygv	who is the lyricist of god gave rock 'n' roll to you ii
www.freebase.com/m/0bwj0j9	www.freebase.com/film/film/written_by	www.freebase.com/m/0j_rf0	Who wrote the film ferrari ki sawaari?
www.freebase.com/m/0gyds6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	which genre is common threads: stories from the quilt affiliated with
www.freebase.com/m/026dzmj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/098zkh	which district locates vijainagar, ajmer
www.freebase.com/m/02hrh1q	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0bggtg_	Name an actor
www.freebase.com/m/0dlkv80	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zj__xz	what songs did jordan arts compose?
www.freebase.com/m/04mthql	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/05v8c	which genre in netflix is the inmate titled under?
www.freebase.com/m/02qvdc	www.freebase.com/ice_hockey/hockey_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/02qqzbq	who plays centerman
www.freebase.com/m/05t085t	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/010by	who is son of tirimüjgan sultan
www.freebase.com/m/08cxzp	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	What genre is aria?
www.freebase.com/m/047qp1d	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04jpl	Where was gordon lowe born
www.freebase.com/m/0gb6w4	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is here without you composed in
www.freebase.com/m/01797x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0z52t7	What is a track recorded by peter frampton?
www.freebase.com/m/04j784	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0k10t	what did herbert augustine carter die from?
www.freebase.com/m/09ktjm	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	What position did mark elrick play?
www.freebase.com/m/03qqybb	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/media	www.freebase.com/m/031cgw	What type of media is the artwork self-portrait in a straw hat
www.freebase.com/m/04n7j1	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03lty	The artist soil is from which genre
www.freebase.com/m/027nlk	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0b18s7	who is john seward johnson ii's dad
www.freebase.com/m/0ds6bxt	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/06mxs	where was rolf skoglund born
www.freebase.com/m/02cl1	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0yvjndj	which actor was born in denver, colorado?
www.freebase.com/m/0kvff7	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is spoken in bojangles
www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/026vh8v	who plays the forward position for river plate football team?
www.freebase.com/m/03_8kz	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/episodes	www.freebase.com/m/05dl5zn	What is the name of an episode of the lou grant tv program?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqkbhs	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/color	www.freebase.com/m/01fklc	what color does the minipress 2 capsule have
www.freebase.com/m/012mq4	www.freebase.com/automotive/automotive_class/examples	www.freebase.com/m/08zgdk	What's an example of a sports car
www.freebase.com/m/0dqj5f	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_artist/associated_periods_or_movements	www.freebase.com/m/015r61	What art movement is henry moore associated with?
www.freebase.com/m/0j_k6zx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/05qtj	what city in france did faouzi kasri die in 
www.freebase.com/m/024nrcd	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01mcjqz	which artist recorded over the edge?
www.freebase.com/m/04783q	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0qcr0	How did oodgeroo noonuccal die?
www.freebase.com/m/0809plk	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0fcbzg	Who did the music for the film resurrection?
www.freebase.com/m/0ggq0m	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_format/stations	www.freebase.com/m/06914f	what is a radio station known for its classical music
www.freebase.com/m/01vckm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/051y40h	Who's a musician born in beaconsfield
www.freebase.com/m/0bmfs0d	www.freebase.com/time/event/locations	www.freebase.com/m/0567cj	where did the siege of castelnuovo occur
www.freebase.com/m/0gxzg0c	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	where did william wilson \\"buffalo bill\\" quinn die
www.freebase.com/m/0dllskp	www.freebase.com/film/director/film	www.freebase.com/m/09zftr	what film did lewis allen direct?
www.freebase.com/m/0w_l	www.freebase.com/music/composer/compositions	www.freebase.com/m/0zkr0zx	Which piece did ani difranco compose?
www.freebase.com/m/0c4xc	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_genre/programs	www.freebase.com/m/0c9php	which tv program is sitcom
www.freebase.com/m/0jk_w2g	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kj_	where are tumalo falls located 
www.freebase.com/m/07hs_3j	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What is brothers in arms' language filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/0c39nw	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/07_l6	Which instrument did franz beyer play?
www.freebase.com/m/0byblzc	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04t36	What kind of motion picture is the boy friend
www.freebase.com/m/01npz5f	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/01whwz	which city did zilch originate from
www.freebase.com/m/0h7q0jf	www.freebase.com/astronomy/celestial_object/category	www.freebase.com/m/0jvq	What the category for (8107) 1995 br4?
www.freebase.com/m/03jxd8	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/026zm4z	which event in 2003 was held at the millennium stadium
www.freebase.com/m/04t2g_j	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/037mh8	What was secular saints about?
www.freebase.com/m/0h1mwz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/017f4y	Who is the artist from the album still stills: the best of stephen stills
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/04j0wh7	Name a war film
www.freebase.com/m/0hqtq25	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/dosage_form	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn9	What form does maprotiline hydrochloride 75 tablet come in?
www.freebase.com/m/0mpnm01	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fs3g41	which song is part of santa claus is coming to town
www.freebase.com/m/0pc5qc9	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of hong kum-song?
www.freebase.com/m/0364_q	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area/administrative_area_type	www.freebase.com/m/0hzfxt2	The chalatenango department is a department of what?
www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	www.freebase.com/location/country/second_level_divisions	www.freebase.com/m/0mq1m	whats the name of a second level division in united states
www.freebase.com/m/07sbbz2	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/02vvbvz	which rock and roll album was a relased for the Supersuckers fan club? 
www.freebase.com/m/017rqbp	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0324p4n	what is a name of song in seattle
www.freebase.com/m/080kxs	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02rsl1	Which position did robby thompson play?
www.freebase.com/m/013j8j	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/05kkh	Where is loudonville located?
www.freebase.com/m/019v67	www.freebase.com/film/production_company/films	www.freebase.com/m/0gkv63p	what is a work by the gaumont film company
www.freebase.com/m/049hfr5	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/0g7k2g	which musician participated in the film anemia
www.freebase.com/m/01knx_2	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05_pkf	what artist recorded shanghai noon?
www.freebase.com/m/04t2wsl	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/03g3w	siren feasts is a book about what subject
www.freebase.com/m/04n2zrh	www.freebase.com/architecture/structure/architectural_style	www.freebase.com/m/01t8vq	what is the architectural style of st. mark's baptist church
www.freebase.com/m/022qqh	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/05f9z77	Who is a well known curator
www.freebase.com/m/0mmqpgs	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fl9vlq	what album is remember me from
www.freebase.com/m/0mt29y4	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/release	www.freebase.com/m/0fyc87g	what is the release track off ben
www.freebase.com/m/0dmxj9q	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	where was substance released
www.freebase.com/m/04cvbv2	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/legal_structure	www.freebase.com/m/01mxzw	what kind of institution is the dhi water.environment.health
www.freebase.com/m/048_7y8	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is nicholia?
www.freebase.com/m/0133k0	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0hndytf	Name an electroclash album.
www.freebase.com/m/0w1fthh	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/030qb3t	Which city was r. t. layton in when they died
www.freebase.com/m/02718sm	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0l14g2	34th & 8th is what type of album?
www.freebase.com/m/05zy86h	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/04d9yz	who produced backstage?
www.freebase.com/m/0hzlz	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/04jkn3w	what schools are in south africa?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt1cj	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredient_moieties	www.freebase.com/m/03xm_b	What is the active ingredient in promethazine hydrochloride 50 injection
www.freebase.com/m/04ghl7	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/01g3bl	which mountain range includes the mountain gasherbrum iii
www.freebase.com/m/055nc	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/064q1wy	what artist made mambo (music)?
www.freebase.com/m/04t5hkx	www.freebase.com/visual_art/artwork/art_form	www.freebase.com/m/0bp6j	what form was the artwork vote done
www.freebase.com/m/01vrqtm	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/041738	What genre of music does björk play
www.freebase.com/m/0v4_p57	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Which country is tom myers from
www.freebase.com/m/01d30f	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/character_occupation/characters_with_this_occupation	www.freebase.com/m/026f_dq	what is a character with teacher as their occupation
www.freebase.com/m/08qn88	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is used in the composition a question of time
www.freebase.com/m/02fww8	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	where was leonard hayflick born?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqt_ky	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation/active_ingredients	www.freebase.com/m/01l6z8	What is an active ingredient in ryzolt?
www.freebase.com/m/04f2w38	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_writer/episodes_written	www.freebase.com/m/05dvkry	what episode was mike kelley the writer of
www.freebase.com/m/0ddf81f	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/064t9	what kind of music is mastermind
www.freebase.com/m/0bdlj	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0g7pjdn	whats a song by the artist  duke ellington
www.freebase.com/m/0lfcbk	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0fn3j74	What's a release from strange currencies
www.freebase.com/m/0488g9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0x01r2	what is a song by joseph barbera
www.freebase.com/m/06__m6	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01t_vv	what kind of film is thank you for smoking?
www.freebase.com/m/0x35	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/0kyn254	Name a game that was made for the atari st platform
www.freebase.com/m/03qf4gd	www.freebase.com/travel/tourist_attraction/near_travel_destination	www.freebase.com/m/028n3	what is a travel destination near pennywell farm
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0c1f0b_	which short film won a bafta
www.freebase.com/m/0qdkb8t	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/0df219	what kind of album is fact mix 213: creep
www.freebase.com/m/02_j1w	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/0h1frw7	what is the name of a defender in soccer 
www.freebase.com/m/0gvrws1	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country released total recall
www.freebase.com/m/0fs6xj	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/016346	where was joseph whitehead born
www.freebase.com/m/0fbdzj	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0846v	in what state is medicine bow peak found
www.freebase.com/m/01ptfm	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/04wcnnm	What a work authored by crawford kilian
www.freebase.com/m/031f_mh	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	what was the release format of nova classics six
www.freebase.com/m/0bf41d	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/025zzc	What type of game is viking child?
www.freebase.com/m/01m0cyd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02vkw62	What is an album by bob welch?
www.freebase.com/m/04s9n	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/06rf3p	What is one of muhammad's children's names? 
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/063j7_q	which lgbt films were directed by jim hubbard?
www.freebase.com/m/0d060g	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04wdjjl	What is a book that is about canada
www.freebase.com/m/08krgb	www.freebase.com/book/magazine/genre	www.freebase.com/m/04720r	what genre is the magazine new england review
www.freebase.com/m/0fz7x9j	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	in what format does carriage play
www.freebase.com/m/09dhj	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t2ttz	which written works has family as the subject?
www.freebase.com/m/04n1qpc	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/056_y	what city is banco de bilbao tower located in
www.freebase.com/m/07vb6c	www.freebase.com/transportation/road/major_cities	www.freebase.com/m/052bw	what city is the  european route e22 located in
www.freebase.com/m/02hxj0w	www.freebase.com/language/human_language/main_country	www.freebase.com/m/05sb1	which country's main language is the koli, kachi language
www.freebase.com/m/04w793j	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book is race of scorpions
www.freebase.com/m/0d_kd	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/027bzch	what city is located inside of suffolk county
www.freebase.com/m/01sp5lx	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03ckfl9	What kind of music is on the album we’re only in it for the money
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01jg7nn	what is an album title
www.freebase.com/m/0hh8jh6	www.freebase.com/book/book_character/appears_in_book	www.freebase.com/m/01m5g_	What's a novel that wilhelmina grubbly-plank appears in
www.freebase.com/m/07k8f28	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/09f3c	where was pablo ruiz barrero born?
www.freebase.com/m/02bl3m	www.freebase.com/architecture/architect/structures_designed	www.freebase.com/m/0gsp5	Name a structure designed by jacques-germain soufflot
www.freebase.com/m/035znnb	www.freebase.com/music/release/label	www.freebase.com/m/03rhqg	What label released popaganda?
www.freebase.com/m/0mvn6	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/0hzcrdg	what newspaper can be found in spartanburg county?
www.freebase.com/m/0crflzv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is the gender of lee hyung-min?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjh_t	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/available_in	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where is librium 25 gelatin coated capsule available at?
www.freebase.com/m/03fmnt0	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fdcky8	state a track on the release tuloy ang ligaya 
www.freebase.com/m/01hlvhq	www.freebase.com/broadcast/artist/content	www.freebase.com/m/03gfr_w	what radio station can william ackerman be heard on
www.freebase.com/m/01knwln	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01knwmf	what artist made the album make it last forever
www.freebase.com/m/01j7zph	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05w3f	what type of music is on the album dos dedos mis amigos
www.freebase.com/m/04fy36c	www.freebase.com/film/film/music	www.freebase.com/m/03gr7w	whose music is in shade?
www.freebase.com/m/0491bc5	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nt4s	which country locates belle arbor
www.freebase.com/m/0kvbqk	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01hmnh	What kind of film is saimin?
www.freebase.com/m/018758	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03x_qz1	Who was born in drammen?
www.freebase.com/m/01lr_xr	www.freebase.com/people/person/children	www.freebase.com/m/0n63ygp	what is the name of one of paul overstreet's children
www.freebase.com/m/06svzq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/08ry2	who is the publisher for the game might and magic vii: for blood and honor?
www.freebase.com/m/0c7v6w	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/children	www.freebase.com/m/078rzt	who are the children of the fictional character ben horne
www.freebase.com/m/02kmmg	www.freebase.com/automotive/model/successor	www.freebase.com/m/02hgxf	what was the successor model of the jaguar xk150
www.freebase.com/m/0l1sh2	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/0319xsh	what was goodbye sober day released on?
www.freebase.com/m/05pcb45	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_game_engine/developer	www.freebase.com/m/02wbbz	who developed cryengine 3
www.freebase.com/m/06wfb3	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0kbq	which historical conflict did milledge luke bonham participate in?
www.freebase.com/m/0g4_q5h	www.freebase.com/astronomy/star_system_body/star_system	www.freebase.com/m/06p5g	what star system is (7540) 1997 ak21 in 
www.freebase.com/m/019kn7	www.freebase.com/people/ethnicity/people	www.freebase.com/m/05p9ptn	Who is of Japanese ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/02r1mnh	www.freebase.com/people/person/religion	www.freebase.com/m/051kv	What religion does jimmy upton practice
www.freebase.com/m/02v_86r	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/original_language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	which language is written in one clear call
www.freebase.com/m/01vzx45	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/02h9wy	what album is by coolio?
www.freebase.com/m/02pqwlv	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	Is la shawn k. ford a man or woman
www.freebase.com/m/05fbq4	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/occupation	www.freebase.com/m/0btmb	what is the occupation of supreme
www.freebase.com/m/06s41j	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04vmp	Which city did Polly Umrigar pass away in?
www.freebase.com/m/0gczfsg	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0gk4g	What was the cause of harlan jordan's death?
www.freebase.com/m/06w7xcg	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is italo alighiero chiusano's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/01chg	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j06lk	What is the title of a bollywood netflix film?
www.freebase.com/m/01mpbjg	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what types of music is absolutely the best of the kingston trio
www.freebase.com/m/0dnc04	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/06n90	whats the genre of the game sins of a solar empire
www.freebase.com/m/09cg9j	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/0jgd	where in south america is manuel dorrego from?
www.freebase.com/m/04yd5db	www.freebase.com/cricket/cricket_bowler/technique	www.freebase.com/m/0326kv	what type of pitch does rusty theron have
www.freebase.com/m/064t9	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/01sm_1_	Name a pop music album.
www.freebase.com/m/04bbv08	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is columbus quarter located
www.freebase.com/m/027d7x	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sddg	Which baseball position does pat burrell play
www.freebase.com/m/02r63lm	www.freebase.com/organization/organization/sectors	www.freebase.com/m/041y2	what is online news associations sector
www.freebase.com/m/09vrtgq	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what kind of film is interlude?
www.freebase.com/m/04ccwx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/01p_l7	where was samy vellu born
www.freebase.com/m/047k626	www.freebase.com/fictional_universe/fictional_character/character_created_by	www.freebase.com/m/0h25	who created the bartender character in atlas shrugged
www.freebase.com/m/05c51w	www.freebase.com/business/business_operation/industry	www.freebase.com/m/029g_vk	which industry does charter communications work in
www.freebase.com/m/03jht	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/02qgf3d	what film story credits was hermann hesse the film story contributor of
www.freebase.com/m/0611d3	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/0x67	What is randy daniels ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/0zjt68s	www.freebase.com/music/composition/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	what language is used in ooh! my head
www.freebase.com/m/0b6j56p	www.freebase.com/user/alexander/philosophy/philosopher/interests	www.freebase.com/m/04g7x	What is an interest of philosopher surco saramago?
www.freebase.com/m/03dpvb	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	What genre of book is the mysterious island?
www.freebase.com/m/04wflhx	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/07hpn	What type of topic does rumors of another world belong to?
www.freebase.com/m/07s38ss	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0372p	What artist influenced vale?
www.freebase.com/m/0dtcq2b	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	what type of release is heartaches & hangovers
www.freebase.com/m/02lkt	www.freebase.com/music/genre/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0b90fy	what is a electronic music album
www.freebase.com/m/06j0md	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_director/episodes_directed	www.freebase.com/m/06xm77q	Which episode did james burrows direct?
www.freebase.com/m/049rcyn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g_bs	what type of music is the pulse eps
www.freebase.com/m/0yw8f	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What country is huron within
www.freebase.com/m/01091r	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0mq3z	which county is la victoria located in
www.freebase.com/m/01j784p	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0h08p	what kinds of music is waka/jawaka
www.freebase.com/m/040g9p	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/02qkgj	who was born in lucan, dublin?
www.freebase.com/m/026qr8l	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0hrbfmg	What is an example of a school that gives individuals an engineering education?
www.freebase.com/m/02z5kmx	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is the pajama game written in
www.freebase.com/m/0gxw8cp	www.freebase.com/film/film/costume_design_by	www.freebase.com/m/09t_693	Who designed the costumes for the fil lies in plain sight
www.freebase.com/m/0dgd_	www.freebase.com/people/profession/people_with_this_profession	www.freebase.com/m/0ndcycv	Name a cinematographer
www.freebase.com/m/02x5k0d	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What is elizabeth nourse's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/02bty	www.freebase.com/book/author/works_written	www.freebase.com/m/05ndv60	what books did dave barry write?
www.freebase.com/m/011bql	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02fqwt	what is the time zone that taft is located?
www.freebase.com/m/029h7y	www.freebase.com/music/genre/parent_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0glt670	what is the parent genre of electro
www.freebase.com/m/047rm94	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/01qh7	what city and state is  buildings at 110-112 inman street located
www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/04j317s	what are some lgbt films on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/02rj2qt	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	What nation made the boogeyman
www.freebase.com/m/09h57	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hl4g1	what is a game developed by bungie
www.freebase.com/m/03fj3ss	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0n2bj59	Name a track off the musical release superstar.
www.freebase.com/m/0d0kn	www.freebase.com/location/location/contains	www.freebase.com/m/049l9d	what is a city within georgia
www.freebase.com/m/04662kd	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02yv6b	what type of music does arsen shomakhov play?
www.freebase.com/m/04xdtdb	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/089_x	what is the topic of the end of reform?
www.freebase.com/m/04w75rq	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/author	www.freebase.com/m/081l4	who authored the book perceiving god
www.freebase.com/m/03mb2mb	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/owner	www.freebase.com/m/018p5f	who is the owner of wvxr
www.freebase.com/m/015j7	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04whp_8	What is a book about the bible?
www.freebase.com/m/0rw6q	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0bmj5m5	who was born in elberton
www.freebase.com/m/0ftqr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/03xwjml	What's an album written by nobuo uematsu
www.freebase.com/m/0dw920j	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01v5pj6	who did the opera
www.freebase.com/m/0d1xrw	www.freebase.com/music/group_member/instruments_played	www.freebase.com/m/01c3q	what instrument does victor guillermo ramos rangel play
www.freebase.com/m/045pct	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/07vlsx	who produced the last command
www.freebase.com/m/0h4s_bb	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	whats jim beggarlys gender
www.freebase.com/m/01z9v6	www.freebase.com/baseball/baseball_position/players	www.freebase.com/m/06pnwf9	who played pitcher for the cincinatti reds baseball team?
www.freebase.com/m/0f6r90q	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/0dyc2_b	which tracks were a part of the release new romantics?
www.freebase.com/m/0z3_xfz	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02nsjl9	What is military officer a notable archetype of
www.freebase.com/m/04p5n_y	www.freebase.com/film/film/executive_produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/05850x	Who was the executive producer of struck?
www.freebase.com/m/0j3g7h7	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0rwyk	which city is jonathan massaquoi from 
www.freebase.com/m/01pyhj	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/color	www.freebase.com/m/04knx6z	Which color is the shiloh shepherd dog generally
www.freebase.com/m/0dgpjv8	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	Which language is the film i am kalam in
www.freebase.com/m/0282gf0	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/05hgj	what type of book is a theft?
www.freebase.com/m/02mzg9	www.freebase.com/education/educational_institution/subsidiary_or_constituent_schools	www.freebase.com/m/04ygl67	what schools are in university of denver?
www.freebase.com/m/03r0yqj	www.freebase.com/common/image/appears_in_topic_gallery	www.freebase.com/m/0b3bq	what topic gallery does franklin d. roosevelt appear in
www.freebase.com/m/0ftdzq	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/01nds	Who published run like hell
www.freebase.com/m/0h7m5_2	www.freebase.com/astronomy/orbital_relationship/orbits	www.freebase.com/m/06m_p	what does (11982) 1995 uf6 orbit
www.freebase.com/m/0hqh12c	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/manufacturer	www.freebase.com/m/01_lh1	What company makes boniva 150 film coated tablet
www.freebase.com/m/01sj8qj	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0m0jc	what genre of music is adieu shinjuku zulu considered
www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0b7tzm	What's an example of a drama film
www.freebase.com/m/03f2sxk	www.freebase.com/music/artist/track	www.freebase.com/m/0fdpg9y	what is a track from the artist jay brannan?
www.freebase.com/m/03zqllx	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	Where was dream dance 33 released?
www.freebase.com/m/03c6_wm	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/09pxc	Where did antonio lolli die
www.freebase.com/m/0qztz77	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05b4w	What is Ingrid Borthen's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/0dr5h_b	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0mhgsct	which track is part of black swan
www.freebase.com/m/017236	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/0tkjbj8	what natural disaster occurred in chongqing?
www.freebase.com/m/07sbym6	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/03mqtr	what type of movie is the ace of hearts
www.freebase.com/m/0fknwf	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_program/languages	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	What language is q. t. hush in
www.freebase.com/m/02vsnr	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced	www.freebase.com/m/079qn4	Who did gary owens influence
www.freebase.com/m/0h4syn9	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01239	Which artist released the studio album Mayyal?
www.freebase.com/m/0r8fj	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0l3b7	which county is loma rica in 
www.freebase.com/m/01lgdjz	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/0210_y	which artist recorded yummy yummy?
www.freebase.com/m/0j087	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	What genre of book is so long, and thanks for all the fish?
www.freebase.com/m/039m_sj	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0lsggf6	what is a song off the release an alarm clock set for 9:01 
www.freebase.com/m/0c0kdk	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/013d1x	What is arnie risen's birth place
www.freebase.com/m/0cbtcxy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is splatter university from?
www.freebase.com/m/0bgg0rb	www.freebase.com/film/film_costumer_designer/costume_design_for_film	www.freebase.com/m/026hxwx	Name a movie that frank helmer designed the costumes for
www.freebase.com/m/035kkby	www.freebase.com/music/release/track	www.freebase.com/m/016t6p1	what is a song on de blauwe schuit
www.freebase.com/m/03qczb	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/02cft	where was john meares born 
www.freebase.com/m/0c01x02	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/cause_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01l2m3	What was the cause of death of edward uhl?
www.freebase.com/m/026j908	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	Which position does martin paterson currently play?
www.freebase.com/m/03nvt0	www.freebase.com/medicine/disease/risk_factors	www.freebase.com/m/04ngjk	what are the risk factors of disease placenta praevia? 
www.freebase.com/m/033j7kt	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/02j9z	What region was 1-800-new-funk released in
www.freebase.com/m/02stb2	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_genre/games	www.freebase.com/m/03mgjjf	What is an example of a visual novel game
www.freebase.com/m/02pt86b	www.freebase.com/base/culturalevent/event/entity_involved	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	Where did operation vigilant sentinel take place?
www.freebase.com/m/0d0_z	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/fish/found_in	www.freebase.com/m/06s5w7	which lake can smallmouth bass be found in
www.freebase.com/m/0hnd77v	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0145rs	what kind of music is revival in belfast classified under
www.freebase.com/m/016p2y	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/04t53l	what label is the vines with?
www.freebase.com/m/0218t_2	www.freebase.com/periodicals/newspaper_circulation_area/newspapers	www.freebase.com/m/02qf8r5	what newspaper circulates around tomball
www.freebase.com/m/01z439	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01qpc	What kind of book is count zero
www.freebase.com/m/03g_ykk	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	in what language was the dolly sisters filmed
www.freebase.com/m/05n72l	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_developer/game_versions_developed	www.freebase.com/m/02hl9n2	what is a video game developed by bizarre creations
www.freebase.com/m/0dw5fln	www.freebase.com/music/recording/song	www.freebase.com/m/0_6jpdg	what is star song of
www.freebase.com/m/06sccf	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/04ych	Where did bersheba leighton fristoe die?
www.freebase.com/m/0bbd7rw	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	which country was blood on her hands made in
www.freebase.com/m/02p_6xz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05vz3zq	What is the nationality of anatoliy matkevych?
www.freebase.com/m/02qg415	www.freebase.com/music/artist/origin	www.freebase.com/m/06gmr	which latin country is nando reis e os infernais form
www.freebase.com/m/0bnm04v	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0dxtg	what is  roy nicholsons profession
www.freebase.com/m/0kd_70z	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country was secret club flimed in
www.freebase.com/m/0gyzgjs	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/015fr	What is Gregorio Duvivier's nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/03gfwf8	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01tfj0	what female country artist is featured on wkqc 
www.freebase.com/m/04vbssw	www.freebase.com/book/book_edition/book	www.freebase.com/m/034443	what is the book edition of white fang
www.freebase.com/m/0ggbc39	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/082gq	what type of film is en los altos de jalisco
www.freebase.com/m/02y_93f	www.freebase.com/people/profession/specializations	www.freebase.com/m/049j4h	What is a specialization of surgeon?
www.freebase.com/m/04yhh4	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what is albert d. richardson's country of nationality?
www.freebase.com/m/053rd	www.freebase.com/business/industry/companies	www.freebase.com/m/026bgq3	what is a company within the mining industry?
www.freebase.com/m/04q271w	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/02zsn	What gender is madeleine peters?
www.freebase.com/m/03v1s	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/0dch98	which books takes place in the state of indiana?
www.freebase.com/m/066pc	www.freebase.com/location/location/events	www.freebase.com/m/04mz5hj	what event was located in parthia?
www.freebase.com/m/01cpqz6	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/0kpv11	what is  blossom
www.freebase.com/m/04n7fb9	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/director	www.freebase.com/m/035hvs	who directed the tv episode birthmarks
www.freebase.com/m/09kx_8	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02cqny	What kind of artist is aqua (band)?
www.freebase.com/m/0k0v14c	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06mkj	What country is xavier vives from?
www.freebase.com/m/013327_	www.freebase.com/music/recording/tracks	www.freebase.com/m/0kvg1ty	which tracks are the recording taiwan from
www.freebase.com/m/03tdpz	www.freebase.com/book/publishing_company/books_published	www.freebase.com/m/04tsmr0	What's a book published by viking press
www.freebase.com/m/0272c2l	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	dr. devil and mr. hare was spoken in what language
www.freebase.com/m/02rz244	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What is copi's gender?
www.freebase.com/m/0c0801	www.freebase.com/theater/theater/theatrical_productions_staged_here	www.freebase.com/m/0kdn_gt	Name a production that was steaged at the cort theatre
www.freebase.com/m/0f_1wny	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/0f255	what was the format of the release bionic
www.freebase.com/m/0kvf6s	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/02h40lc	is fred claus in the english language or french
www.freebase.com/m/048c2	www.freebase.com/influence/influence_node/influenced_by	www.freebase.com/m/0cz35	who has influenced kurt godel?
www.freebase.com/m/03ns46y	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0t8v1	in what city and state was terry beeson born
www.freebase.com/m/0962mt	www.freebase.com/film/film/cinematography	www.freebase.com/m/0cqh57	who was the cinematography for moon over parador
www.freebase.com/m/0275lb4	www.freebase.com/biology/organism/organism_type	www.freebase.com/m/03k3r	What type of an organism is san san
www.freebase.com/m/0gbxz_	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0w9w96w	Who was chamlong srimuang's father
www.freebase.com/m/0d46g8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/01g6gs	how is roosevelt in africa classified 
www.freebase.com/m/01x73	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0pcbysz	who was from connecticut?
www.freebase.com/m/0hqjwmr	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/01vkl	what shape is the bonine 25 chewable tablet in 
www.freebase.com/m/04j893	www.freebase.com/military/military_person/participated_in_conflicts	www.freebase.com/m/0bqtx	which war did michael heaviside participate in 
www.freebase.com/m/0c9tcr	www.freebase.com/book/magazine/genre	www.freebase.com/m/078fhr	What kind of magazine is adweek
www.freebase.com/m/03xytst	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_soundtrack/tv_program	www.freebase.com/m/01hw0	What tv program utilized the バブルガムクライシス 6: red eyes soundtrack
www.freebase.com/m/07rtfh	www.freebase.com/book/book/editions	www.freebase.com/m/04v8syw	what is an edition of a single shard called
www.freebase.com/m/02my08	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/05qhw	what country is stanislaus of szczepanów from
www.freebase.com/m/0fpp716	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02jknp	What type of work does katell quillevere do
www.freebase.com/m/03gbxfn	www.freebase.com/broadcast/content/artist	www.freebase.com/m/01vrz41	who sings eye97
www.freebase.com/m/048vs2h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/0nymy	Where is logtown?
www.freebase.com/m/0fq0v7l	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06qvc0	who is the artist that released ekti katha
www.freebase.com/m/02rn1g9	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/publisher	www.freebase.com/m/07733f	who is the publisher of lego universe
www.freebase.com/m/02lk42	www.freebase.com/film/film/featured_film_locations	www.freebase.com/m/04sqj	What is a featured location in man on fire?
www.freebase.com/m/02xgtz	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/0cmwj0y	who is a parent of lukas haas
www.freebase.com/m/0gvvf4j	www.freebase.com/film/film/production_companies	www.freebase.com/m/061dn_	what company produced piranha dd
www.freebase.com/m/0fx3ws8	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what type of film is to kill a cop?
www.freebase.com/m/03y9hhy	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0fwc0	where was kenneth cooper alexander born 
www.freebase.com/m/0b___sv	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0l0mk	where in california was stormy strong born?
www.freebase.com/m/0cv3w	www.freebase.com/location/place_with_neighborhoods/neighborhoods	www.freebase.com/m/03bzy2y	what is a neighborhood in las vegas, nevada?
www.freebase.com/m/02kjb_	www.freebase.com/medicine/drug_formulation_category/drug_formulations	www.freebase.com/m/0hqs275	What's an example of a drug formulation
www.freebase.com/m/0dpq424	www.freebase.com/music/album/album_content_type	www.freebase.com/m/02jbfk	what format does billie's blues have
www.freebase.com/m/0hqm68z	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/shape	www.freebase.com/m/0g85j	whats the shape of sunmark acid reducer maximum strength 150 tablet
www.freebase.com/m/02ph8dy	www.freebase.com/music/album/release_type	www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	How was die flippers released
www.freebase.com/m/0crsj1h	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0d2rhq	what type of film is peter green splinter group: in concert?
www.freebase.com/m/03mstc	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/03bkbh	What is william hanna's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/082gq	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/089j8p	what film is a type of war film?
www.freebase.com/m/0cdjc2	www.freebase.com/book/book/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02xlf	what type of book genre is  black water
www.freebase.com/m/0tmc0qs	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was the mighty mighty dells originally released?
www.freebase.com/m/0n9150q	www.freebase.com/people/person/parents	www.freebase.com/m/025csj	who is regan gascoignes parent
www.freebase.com/m/0c3tt17	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/07s9rl0	what genre is the film the flower girl
www.freebase.com/m/0dv3zf	www.freebase.com/cvg/cvg_platform/games_on_this_platform	www.freebase.com/m/02hlntd	what game is played on a game boy?
www.freebase.com/m/020wj08	www.freebase.com/dining/restaurant/cuisine	www.freebase.com/m/0grtl	what's one of the more expensive dishes at the windjammer sports bar
www.freebase.com/m/0l04c	www.freebase.com/user/mt/default_domain/metabolite/tissue_location	www.freebase.com/m/04_fs	where can you find pyruvic acid
www.freebase.com/m/0gt5zf	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	What type of release was police officer by Smiley Culture?
www.freebase.com/m/02yw26	www.freebase.com/music/genre/artists	www.freebase.com/m/01qys_g	What's an example of an extreme metal artist?
www.freebase.com/m/01njpr	www.freebase.com/geography/mountain/mountain_range	www.freebase.com/m/03b0g1	What mountain range is mauna kea a part of
www.freebase.com/m/04fmwm	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/066wd	What genre of videogame is rumble roses?
www.freebase.com/m/02qq0qv	www.freebase.com/broadcast/radio_station/format	www.freebase.com/m/07dn1	What sort of radio station is kmj
www.freebase.com/m/0c473c	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/012t_z	What profession does paul drayson, baron drayson have?
www.freebase.com/m/019mfn	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/01_d4	which city did charles correll die in 
www.freebase.com/m/02lx2r	www.freebase.com/music/album_release_type/albums	www.freebase.com/m/0dmzw5h	What's an example of an album
www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	www.freebase.com/film/film_genre/films_in_this_genre	www.freebase.com/m/0wcl2pj	Name a notable short film
www.freebase.com/m/09vnx30	www.freebase.com/film/film/directed_by	www.freebase.com/m/02r1x_n	who was the director for the film good girls go to paris
www.freebase.com/m/01hy7pj	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014s2k	which rock group made all you can ever learn is what you already know 
www.freebase.com/m/03fhnd0	www.freebase.com/music/release/format	www.freebase.com/m/01www	In what format was the art of love released?
www.freebase.com/m/01gbzb	www.freebase.com/travel/travel_destination/tourist_attractions	www.freebase.com/m/04kc4	What's a lake that can be visited near st. catharines
www.freebase.com/m/0hqhp0g	www.freebase.com/medicine/manufactured_drug_form/flavor	www.freebase.com/m/0h55s	What flavor is tussin original 100 liquid available in
www.freebase.com/m/0crynzj	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	what country is manje' from?
www.freebase.com/m/0m3v24z	www.freebase.com/music/release_track/recording	www.freebase.com/m/0drfm02	The track set it off is from what recording
www.freebase.com/m/0dlqfz	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/06bnz	where is alexander lokshin from
www.freebase.com/m/0crw9q1	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/02hmvc	what genre is special kids: things in a day 
www.freebase.com/m/0tf8nx	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/014g6c	which artist recorded a little max (parfait) (alternate take)?
www.freebase.com/m/02wwt3x	www.freebase.com/music/artist/label	www.freebase.com/m/01w56k	which music label does susan cowsill belong to
www.freebase.com/m/07vht	www.freebase.com/type/object/type	www.freebase.com/m/0cgxpqv	what is university of california, davis
www.freebase.com/m/0gw_s7z	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0f8l9c	which country was adventures of william tell made in
www.freebase.com/m/03_33mw	www.freebase.com/music/release/region	www.freebase.com/m/07ssc	Where was the hacienda classics released?
www.freebase.com/m/0f4lz7r	www.freebase.com/music/release/track_list	www.freebase.com/m/0mg5mbc	top gear: seriously cool driving music is from what track list
www.freebase.com/m/02dcg9	www.freebase.com/medicine/medical_treatment/used_to_treat	www.freebase.com/m/042g0d	what is used to treat ergocalciferol
www.freebase.com/m/0b2zc6	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/designers	www.freebase.com/m/0pqxw	who was a designer for the game sega touring car championship?
www.freebase.com/m/0g32vg9	www.freebase.com/music/recording/artist	www.freebase.com/m/05qy5h	Who was an artist that recorded mona lisa
www.freebase.com/m/0q14lh	www.freebase.com/music/recording/releases	www.freebase.com/m/03094yj	what is an album released by pablo picasso
www.freebase.com/m/010khj	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/0s91pvj	Who is a notable person that was born in waitsfield
www.freebase.com/m/01dyvs	www.freebase.com/film/film/film_art_direction_by	www.freebase.com/m/0b4nnct	Who was the film art director for the film the matrix revolutions?
www.freebase.com/m/0p0d7	www.freebase.com/symbols/namesake/named_after	www.freebase.com/m/06hbqj	who was bent county named after?
www.freebase.com/m/0fjrb	www.freebase.com/education/school_category/schools_of_this_kind	www.freebase.com/m/0g4l2v	what's a post secondary public school in Cuba
www.freebase.com/m/0jsrf1k	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/031v35	Where was Jose carlos barba born?
www.freebase.com/m/024mbx	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0dclg	which city was stewart culin born in
www.freebase.com/m/0294j	www.freebase.com/book/book_subject/works	www.freebase.com/m/04t2ycx	what book is about  death
www.freebase.com/m/026trz8	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	is dani osvaldo male or female
www.freebase.com/m/01vp7g	www.freebase.com/people/person/ethnicity	www.freebase.com/m/022fdt	what is christy canyon's ethnicity?
www.freebase.com/m/02vqn8q	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/064_8sq	Which language is dinosaur island filmed in
www.freebase.com/m/0dwl_k	www.freebase.com/film/film/produced_by	www.freebase.com/m/017r13	who produced kill the poor
www.freebase.com/m/0282vbw	www.freebase.com/book/written_work/subjects	www.freebase.com/m/06n6p	what is loose change about?
www.freebase.com/m/0gh_91	www.freebase.com/location/location/time_zones	www.freebase.com/m/02llzg	what is a time zone of of bizzarone?
www.freebase.com/m/05qbzx	www.freebase.com/people/deceased_person/place_of_death	www.freebase.com/m/0rh6k	What is the location of clarence streit's death
www.freebase.com/m/012lfr	www.freebase.com/music/artist/album	www.freebase.com/m/01j4_yz	What is a compilation album by creedence clearwater revival
www.freebase.com/m/026p993	www.freebase.com/common/topic/notable_types	www.freebase.com/m/02xlh55	What is the profession of rolf dahlgrün?
www.freebase.com/m/01n2pn	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/0cbd2	What is jacques barzun's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/0f0jtzs	www.freebase.com/music/album/artist	www.freebase.com/m/06m61	who released the music album called the very best of
www.freebase.com/m/02jtvn	www.freebase.com/music/album/genre	www.freebase.com/m/08vlns	What is the genre of the album where are the thieves?
www.freebase.com/m/02qs0wk	www.freebase.com/military/military_unit/unit_size	www.freebase.com/m/0167lb	what is the unit size of 9th regiment illinois volunteer cavalry?
www.freebase.com/m/0chtt7j	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/04gzd	Where was julija gruodienė born?
www.freebase.com/m/0h7x	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/03c_xrf	who was born in austria
www.freebase.com/m/0yshw	www.freebase.com/location/hud_county_place/county	www.freebase.com/m/0n2w9	what county is in lima?
www.freebase.com/m/0crvgrv	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hn10	is open cam a drama or lgbt film
www.freebase.com/m/07c52	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/03jyd6	what title is a type of television netflix genre?
www.freebase.com/m/06dsdg	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/015pdg	what kind of music does silvertide play
www.freebase.com/m/0dry2x3	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/cvg_genre	www.freebase.com/m/02ntfj	what type of computer videogame genre is the game  red dead redemption: undead nightmare
www.freebase.com/m/0bvjjq	www.freebase.com/people/person/nationality	www.freebase.com/m/09c7w0	where is abby mann's nationality
www.freebase.com/m/0n2g	www.freebase.com/religion/religion/places_of_worship	www.freebase.com/m/012fsn	What's a cathedral for anglicanism
www.freebase.com/m/012_1b	www.freebase.com/visual_art/visual_art_form/artists	www.freebase.com/m/0bwgr9d	who is a famous artist known for digital art
www.freebase.com/m/08cnc9	www.freebase.com/music/artist/genre	www.freebase.com/m/0hdf8	what kinds of music is played by season's end
www.freebase.com/m/07ydkz4	www.freebase.com/tv/tv_series_episode/tv_rating	www.freebase.com/m/030p0gp	what was unpleasantville rated
www.freebase.com/m/0kvfyy	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0345h	what country is associated withe the art in heaven concert
www.freebase.com/m/0j2mwnz	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	What gender is dan moore
www.freebase.com/m/07w9mq	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_title/netflix_genres	www.freebase.com/m/07c52	What genre is dusty's trail in on netflix?
www.freebase.com/m/03y2fdx	www.freebase.com/astronomy/asteroid/member_of_asteroid_group	www.freebase.com/m/0cqbc	which asteroid group is 6753 fursenko a member of?
www.freebase.com/m/0zg8y1h	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/03pbf	where is waterloo located
www.freebase.com/m/02hz7	www.freebase.com/film/film_story_contributor/film_story_credits	www.freebase.com/m/0b44dkp	To what film is Damon Runyon a contributor?
www.freebase.com/m/05qqm	www.freebase.com/media_common/netflix_genre/titles	www.freebase.com/m/0crzm_p	Name a film title in the netflix polish language genre
www.freebase.com/m/0ppgrtf	www.freebase.com/base/schemastaging/non_profit_classification/organizations	www.freebase.com/m/07tf42	Name a general hospital.
www.freebase.com/m/0f2vrr	www.freebase.com/location/neighborhood/neighborhood_of	www.freebase.com/m/041_3z	southwest hills is apart of what neighborhood
www.freebase.com/m/04_6smg	www.freebase.com/film/film/country	www.freebase.com/m/0b90_r	What country is rebelión from?
www.freebase.com/m/051y108	www.freebase.com/film/film/language	www.freebase.com/m/0999q	What language is azhakiya ravanan filmed in?
www.freebase.com/m/091r93	www.freebase.com/cvg/computer_videogame/developer	www.freebase.com/m/01qk6p	who developed outnumbered!
www.freebase.com/m/05y94q7	www.freebase.com/people/person/gender	www.freebase.com/m/05zppz	what is the sex of seumas o'kelly?
www.freebase.com/m/0414lbt	www.freebase.com/soccer/football_player/position_s	www.freebase.com/m/02sdk9v	which position did herby fortunat play in football?
www.freebase.com/m/064lsn	www.freebase.com/film/film/genre	www.freebase.com/m/03hn0	what kind of film is the pianist (2002 film)
www.freebase.com/m/0j2m_f5	www.freebase.com/base/aareas/schema/administrative_area_type/iso_country	www.freebase.com/m/04g61	which country is the commune of luxembourg in
www.freebase.com/m/05hls9p	www.freebase.com/interests/collectable_item/collection_category	www.freebase.com/m/015w6q	what is the collection category of holiday barbie doll by bob mackie #h8583
www.freebase.com/m/058b8z	www.freebase.com/aviation/airline/focus_cities	www.freebase.com/m/0d85gh	which airport does the airline air one services?
www.freebase.com/m/06_qwww	www.freebase.com/location/location/containedby	www.freebase.com/m/017yy4	Where is rim drive historic district located
www.freebase.com/m/04wt7n	www.freebase.com/people/person/place_of_birth	www.freebase.com/m/0cc56	where was jon seda given birth
www.freebase.com/m/027p8n2	www.freebase.com/people/person/profession	www.freebase.com/m/02xhgwq	What is nikolaj frobenius's profession?
www.freebase.com/m/022pfm	www.freebase.com/location/location/people_born_here	www.freebase.com/m/01mt4f4	who is a person that was born in sao paulo 
www.freebase.com/m/0g2_sq	www.freebase.com/aviation/airport/serves	www.freebase.com/m/01t0n2	What area does zakynthos international airport serve
www.freebase.com/m/02kwdc	www.freebase.com/base/petbreeds/dog_breed/temperament	www.freebase.com/m/04kqp3v	what kind of personality do german wirehaired pointer have?
www.freebase.com/m/019389	www.freebase.com/music/producer/releases_produced	www.freebase.com/m/01kns17	billy corgan is credited as the producer on what album?
